Glimpse About Cuemath Cuemath was born with a vision to help students learn math the right way and overcome the difficulties they face due to traditional blackboard learning.


HOW IS CUEMATH DIFFERENT Teaching math the right way.. We expose children to a learning system that enables and encourages them to think the Why behind the What of math concepts.


Major Learning points in Cuemath. School Math​- Covers all the topics taught in school. Curriculum Covered - CBSE, ICSE, IB, State Differentiation in grade - 1-8th Grade , 9&10th Grade. Certification of teachers is also based on the above differentiation of grade. Delivery - Online webpage which is a platform for taking classes for the child Mental Aptitude​- Improves the aptitude level of the child. Super important in all competitive exams.
Grade availability - 1-10th Grade
Delivery - Available through our ​Cuemath - Mental Math & Number Games​mobile app Practice of 15 Mins every day.
 
Android Link:
 https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cuelearn.cuemathapp&hl=en_IN
 IOS Link: https://apps.apple.com/in/app/cuemath​-learning-games/id1469210554


Class Logistics & Details
School math Grade 1st - 8th - 2 classes/week of 1Hr each.
 Grade 9th & 10th - 3 classes/week of 1 Hr each.
 Logistics: Laptop or desktop, Internet with speed of 8+Mbps.
Mental Aptitude
Grade 1st - 10th - 15 Minutes - everyday of the week.
 Logistics: Android or Apple device.




Key Takeaways :1. At Cuemath, we do not encourage categorizing students based on their marks. 2. At Cuemath, we believe that every child has the potential to excel at math, and hence endorse a growth mindset. 3. Growth mindset is believing that every child has the potential to be great.




Cuemath USPPersonalized Learning. Fully Customisable learning plan based on the ability of the child. Individual attention. Batch size of 5 students.Holistic Learning.Future oriented teaching approach.Certified Math experts.


Cuemath is all  about cueing children to math. The best way of teaching math is by guiding the learner to the answer.  Instead of telling answer we guide student to CUE the answer. We ask leading questions and let the student discover answer. Cueing is the practice wherein student make a habit of making connections and when they make a habit of making connections they never forget. Cueing is the act of giving support through a reminder, a hint or a gentle nudging the learner in a direction. Teachers are trained to never give away answer, they encourage and guide the learner to self discover. Cueing is the process which helps of self discovery.




Cuemath is a Math Expert program where the sole vision is to help students learn math the right way and overcome the difficulties they face due to traditional blackboard learning. Cuemath Online classes are Live Online Class where the students get directly connected to Cuemath Expert who will keep a close check on each and every problem a student is solving. The Cuemath Expert makes sure the child understands the concepts and goes about solving the problems. The class is designed in a way which makes sure the students get a holistic approach to mathematics. The class makes sure the student develops Logical reasoning by finding multiple answers to applying math in everyday thinking and problem solving. The class is really dynamic and is designed in a way which suits each and every child.  We have a customized learning environment which makes sure the child gets ample time and attention to improve and ultimately master the concepts.


Teachings Cuemath meaning Cuemath is mathematical training program designed by alumni of IIM, Stanford, Harvard, IIT, Cambridge where children are trained extra mathematical studies through puzzle, tab based exercise, worksheets at the centres near you through a trained and qualified teacher.


* Cuemath is a beyond school math excellence program. It has been developed with the aim of changing the way math is taught to children across major cities in India. Cuemath builds mathematical thinking in children.


* At Cuemath, we aim to strengthen a child’s mathematical foundation.


* Math is not just a subject, it is a life skill.


* A strong mathematical foundation will help children make smart, logical decisions. It will set them up for lifelong success.


* At Cuemath, we believe in making children fall in love with math.


* Our expert team constantly works on updating the curriculum and learning materials.


* Along with this great curriculum, we have a motivated set of teachers who play a key role in achieving our visio






We follow the standard US Common Core (USCC) curriculum. The curriculum is in alignment with the curriculum of the child and the flexibility that we offer on the curriculum helps us cater to the difference of curriculum followed in all states and provinces. 
	No, we don't have any physical presence in North America. Our headquater is located in Bengaluru. The address is available in the contact us section of our website.
	We use Cueing techniques to teach our students. Cue-ing is the process of asking questions to guide the student to self discovery. When the student self discovers the answers they understand better and remember for longer. This is very different from the broadcast learning method in which a teacher delivers lectures. 
	We use our own propreitary platform which is integrated with Audio/video call facility and whiteboard along with it for a complete class experience.
	Our teachers are from India trained and certified by CueMath to be able to teach the sudents from various different curriculums.
	3months, 6 months and 10 months
	We are aware that the syllabus and the methods are different in the North America. To cater the same our teachers undergo a training and certification process which helps us in maintaining the high quality of Class delivery.
	Our tutors work according to the US timezone, we schedule the classes as per the availability of the child. 
	We primarily believe in the training and certification from Cuemath content for the teacher applicant. Teacher applicants are selected with a mathematics background in their post graduation or from a corporate background with good hold of the subject. Most of our tutors have completed their master and additionally they have been teaching with us for over a period of more than 2 years. 
	Over the last few years, two of the biggest venture capital firms, Capital G and Sequoia Capital, have joined us in our mission to revolutionize math learning across the world by leading different rounds of funding. With the backing of some of the world’s elite companies, we are well on our way to taking our proprietary curriculum and distinct delivery system to countries across the globe and making a positive difference in the lives of students there. 

	

	The login credentials are sent to you 24 hours before the demo scheduled time.
	We can conduct the sessions with any laptop, chromebook or desktop with a webcam. We don't support I-pad.
	Yes the child has to be present as it is a live class with the student.








	





Manan Kurma, CEO Cue LearnVision and Expectation Setting
	15 Mins
	Govind, COO
	Intuition and Conviction of Math
	15 Mins
	Customer Centricity
	Quality and Customer Satisfaction
	15 Mins
	Leadership Session
	What it takes to be a TL at Cuemmath?
	15 Mins
	Respective Team Heads – Anmol and Akhilesh
	Reporting, Dashboarding, and Tools
	15 Mins