
We want your child to be a Problem Solver   - with changing world and AI taking away major jobs, we want your  child to become 5% of decision makers rather than 95% usual followers of the trend. All things we think are computing is actually Math as it is the actual language of problem solving. 

Why Cuemath is different than usual schools and delivers results BECAUSE we teach Math / Coding - like kids learn a language, example English, is best learnt by doing,  that is speaking English. . 70% of our curriculum questions are VISUAL, not text book type. 100% is learning by DOING and when you learn as a language you build ability, not just knowledge.
Our belief is Math is taught as a Language and with an absolute Intuition and Conviction about its benefits child can avail.

We are a global company Present in 17 countries across America Like USA, Europe like UK and France and Asia Like Singapore and Australia. Our goal with math/coding is ambitious. It is to build a generation of problem solvers and decision makers. We are backed by Google and Sequoia the No.1 Tech Company and No 1 Tech Investor globally. 

With this, the single biggest difference that you'll see within 6 months is that your kid will Love Math and will love coming to Math class. And we know Nothing boosts the confidence of a school kid like proficiency in math or a sport. But it will take 3- 6 months, PLEASE BE PATIENT. AND HELP THE TEACHER HELP THE CHILD. 

Offering Frequency There are 2 classes conducted per week Duration : Each class is of 45 minutes  Each class with a teacher Offering Curriculum We follow the standard (depends on the country) being followed in your child’s School, So the curriculum will be in direct alignment with the state/national/common code curriculum, OfferingLimitless Practice : Homework will be regularly uploaded on the portal for (Kid) to complete On top of that the child can practice as much as they want. Whenever they want At their own pace Offering Problem solving practice in every class : At the end of every class, the teacher assigns a problem solving card to your childs which will help develop problem solving skills . Children love these cards and even sometimes solve stuff their parents cannot. These are problems that schools do not cover. And many times there are MULTIPLE correct answers, just like in real life  Offering Same teacher : The teachers who took the demo today will be the “same” teacher for you
Feedback: In 14 days (4 sessions) and the tutor will be able to start providing Feedback Offering Teacher will schedule a PTM every month in one of the classes for 20 min: Your teacher may seek your help, give feedback and ask for feedback every month. The teacher will schedule a Monthly debrief with you during one of the classes In addition you will get regular updates on everyday activity on the platform
Offering Our teachers are well qualified: Our teachers are tested and certified on many parameters Apart from Math they are tested on their ability to get the best out of every child and make the class engaging for the child  

Offering Free Math gym App : This is an application which you can download on any smart phone and Kid can practice       on it. We recommend a minimum of 10 minutes daily. Think of it as a quick Math workout for the brain  Children practicing math on the daily basis on this app for 6 months are up to 2 times faster than their peers

Offering Aptitude E books : These books help the children to prepare for competitions like IMO and state level achievement .



Slots Based on the time zone give below slots and ask for the preferred slot 7:30 to 8:20 Pm 6:30 to 7:20 Pm
5:30 to 6:20 Pm
4:30 to 5:20 Pm
8:40 to 9:30 Pm
7:40 to 8:30 Pm
6:40 to 7:30 Pm
5:40 Pm to 6:30 Pm
9:50 to10:40 Pm
8:50 to 9:40 Pm
7:50 to 8:40 Pm
6:50 Pm to 7:40 Pm.




CEO  Manan Kurma, CEO Cue Learn
Vision and Expectation Setting
15 Mins
Govind, COO
Intuition and Conviction of Math
15 Mins
Customer Centricity
Quality and Customer Satisfaction
15 Mins
Leadership Session
What it takes to be a TL at Cuemmath?
15 Mins
Respective Team Heads – Anmol and Akhilesh
Reporting, Dashboarding, and Tools
15 Mins.








Cuemath USP Personalized Learning, Fully Customisable learning plan based on the ability of the child Individual attention, Batch size of 5 students, Holistic Learning, Future oriented teaching approach.Certified Math experts.




Why Cuemath Cuemath is all  about cueing children to math, The best way of teaching math is by guiding the learner to the answer,  Instead of telling answer we guide student to CUE the answer. We ask leading questions and let the student discover answer. Cueing is the practice wherein student make a habit of making connections and when they make a habit of making connections they never forget. Cueing is the act of giving support through a reminder, a hint or a gentle nudging the learner in a direction. Teachers are trained to never give away answer, they encourage and guide the learner to self discover, Cueing is the process which helps of self discovery Cuemath is a Math Expert program where the sole vision is to help students learn math the right way and overcome the difficulties they face due to traditional blackboard learning. Cuemath Online classes are Live Online Class where the students get directly connected to Cuemath Expert who will keep a close check on each and every problem a student is solving. The Cuemath Expert makes sure the child understands the concepts and goes about solving the problems. The class is designed in a way which makes sure the students get a holistic approach to mathematics. The class makes sure the student develops Logical reasoning by finding multiple answers to applying math in everyday thinking and problem solving. The class is really dynamic and is designed in a way which suits each and every child.  We have a customized learning environment which makes sure the child gets ample time and attention to improve and ultimately master the concepts.


Key Takeaways :1 At Cuemath, we do not encourage categorizing students based on their marks, 2 At Cuemath, we believe that every child has the potential to excel at math, and hence endorse a growth mindset, Growth mindset is believing that every child has the potential to be great.


Major Learning points in Cuemath. School Math​- Covers all the topics taught in school, Curriculum Covered - CBSE, ICSE, IB, State Differentiation in grade - 1-8th Grade , 9&10th Grade. Certification of teachers is also based on the above differentiation of grade. Delivery - Online webpage which is a platform for taking classes for the child Mental Aptitude​- Improves the aptitude level of the child, Super important in all competitive exams.
Grade availability - 1-10th Grade
Delivery - Available through our ​Cuemath - Mental Math & Number Games​mobile app Practice of 15 Mins every day.