



















CUEMATH TRAINING MODULE



DEMO SCHEDULING


Schedule for the training





S.No.	Topics	Duration

DAY 1
1
Introduction of Team members	10 Mins Introduction to Cuemath                                                                                                  1 Hr 40 Mins
2
2.1 About Cuemath	30 Mins 2.2 CEO's Vision, About Manan Kurma	15 Mins 2.3 Introduction to Cuemath method	20 Mins 2.5 Cuemath tech introduction (CT, CS, CP, CS+)	15 Mins
2.7 Test	20 Mins


BREAK	30 Mins
3
Cuemath Class	1 Hr 50 Mins
3.1. Domain 1 - Concepts	30 Mins 3.2 Domain 2 - Aptitude	30 Mins 3.3 Domain 3 – Reasoning	30 Mins
3.4Test	20 Mins


BREAK	30 Mins
4
Cuemath Tech
1 Hr 40
4.1 Cuestudent and Cuestudent plus	30 Mins


4.2 Cueparent app and Cuestore	30 Mins
4.3 Using Cueteacher for class	20 Mins
4.4 Test	20 Mins
5
Mathbox manipulative	20 Mins
5.1 Mathbox for CES Grade KG	10 Mins
5.2 Mathbox for CES Grade 6	10 Mins



S.No.	Topics	Duration
DAY 2
6	Awareness of US Culture
7	Cuemath Website & App Tour
2 Hours
2 Hours
7.1 About Courses	10 Mins 7.2 Cuemath Product offerings - Math Resources	30 Mins 7.3 Available Apps	20 Mins
7.3 Intuitions and Convictions of Math - Videos and Debabate Activity	60 Mins


BREAK	30 Mins
8	Demo Scheduling	3 Hours
8.1 Demo Schedule Process Overview	30 Mins 8.2 Demo Scheduling Call Flow	30 Mins 8.3 Demo Scheduling Scripts	30 Mins 8.4 Demo Scheduling FAQ's & Rebuttals	30 Mins 8.5 Activity : Mock Calls	40 Mins
8.6 Test	20 Mins


BREAK	30 Mins
9
Introduction to Tools and Applications	2 Hrs 30 Mins
9.1. Voitekk Dialer training                                                                                        20 Mins 9.2 CRM - Lead Squared training                                                                                         30 Mins 9.3 Disposition in Demo Scheduling                                                                                      15 Mins 9.4 Quality Evaluation form                                                                                       15 Mins 9.5 Activity : Mock Calls                                                                                            40 Mins
9.6 Test	30 Mins
Schedule for the training


About Cuemath




Glimpse About Cuemath


Cuemath was born with a vision to help students learn math the right way and overcome the difficulties they face due to traditional blackboard learning.



HOW IS CUEMATH DIFFERENT? Teaching math the right way..


We expose children to a learning system that enables and encourages them to think the Why behind the What of math concepts.








Major Learning points in Cuemath.

School Math- Covers all the topics taught in school. Curriculum Covered - CBSE, ICSE, IB, State

Differentiation in grade - 1-8th Grade , 9&10th Grade. Certification of teachers is also based on the above differentiation of grade.

Delivery - Online webpage which is a platform for taking classes for the child.
Mental Aptitude- Improves the aptitude level of the child. Super important in all competitive exams.

Grade availability - 1-10th Grade
Delivery - Available through our Cuemath - Mental Math & Number Gamesmobile app.

Practice of 15 Mins every day.

Android Link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cuelear
n.cuemathapp&hl=en_IN
IOS Link: https://apps.apple.com/in/app/cuemath-learning-games/id1469210554


About Cuemath






Logical Reasoning - Improve the logical thinking capability of the child. This is what will create problem solvers of the future.

Gade availability : 1-8th Grade
Delivery - Available through our Cue parent mobile app. 1 Logical reasoning puzzle card/class.

Android app link :

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cuelea rn.cueparent&hl=en_IN


NCERT app: NCERT Solutions | JEE Maths is a user-friendly learning app with high-qualityvideo & text solutions for Class 7-12 prepared by IITians. Gade availability - 7th-10th Grade

Android App Link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cuelear n.ncert&hl=en_IN






Class Logistics & Details



School math

Grade 1st - 8th - 2 classes/week of 1Hr each. Grade 9th & 10th - 3 classes/week of 1 Hr each.
Logistics: Laptop or desktop, Internet with speed of 8+Mbps.

Mental Aptitude

Grade 1st - 10th - 15 Minutes - everyday of the week. Logistics: Android or Apple device.
Logical reasoning

Grade 1-8th - 1 card/ class. Logistics: Android or Apple device.

NCERT App

Grade 7th-10th - Accessible anytime. Logistics: Android or Apple device.


All children have immense potential...



In this video, we will talk about how Cuemath tries to inculcate a growth mindset amongst children from an early age.


Watch Video: https://youtu.be/XrLpQlRiXNY


Key Takeaways :

1. At Cuemath, we do not encourage categorizing students based on their marks.

2. At Cuemath, we believe that every child has the potential to excel at math, and hence endorse a growth mindset.

3. Growth mindset is believing that every child has the potential to be great.


Cuemath USP



Cuemath USP


●	Personalized Learning.
●	Fully Customisable learning plan based on the ability of the child. ●	Individual attention.
●	Batch size of 5 students. ●	Holistic Learning.
●	Future oriented teaching approach. ●	Certified Math experts.



Videos to watch.

Note from our CEO Manan Kurma - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=up2gLVCrUP4

Why is the name of our company Cuemath - https://youtu.be/HyZFJrCWagA

Cuemath Philosophy - https://youtu.be/dfjignqQJWo

How is Cuemath Different from other programs? - https://youtu.be/-qPa-JIQ0wk

How are topics taught in our online class - https://youtu.be/blswzbBSHJo

How can my child solve the doubt instantly - https://youtu.be/2UXJu1hGmys

Watch how the class experience is - https://youtu.be/5MnbwPEEI2E

Listen to our rank holders. - https://youtu.be/mgkm_1uN3UI




Videos to watch to understand the importance of Math and why Cuemath exists.

Ken Robinson	: Do schools kill creativity?



Jo Boaler

Dan Finkel

John Mighton

Jo Boaler

Randall Munroe
: How you can be good at math

: Five principles of extraordinary math teaching

: The math of learning

: Math Connections

: Comics that ask, 'what if?‘




Presentation


https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1m61JLxEdQaKNleq9zyBBbvyqNUwvmx8ernYEf3MZK Lc/edit?usp=sharing


Fee Details


Grade 1st - 8th and 9th & 10th have separate fee slabs.


Cuemath Visionary








Manan Khurma

Founder & CEO, Cuemath





Founded In 2013
Head office: Bangalore - 560034 Email us at: info@cuemath.com




Mission : Our mission is to lead the way in building mathematical thinking in children to enable them to become the problem solvers and creative thinkers of the future.






Visualizing concepts from different points of view

Building their own mental models and algorithms

Developing logical reasoning by finding multiple answers

Applying math in everyday thinking and problem solving


Why are we called Cuemath?




• Cuemath is all about cueing children to math.


• The best way of teaching math is by guiding the learner to the answer.


• Instead of telling answer we guide student to CUE the answer. We ask leading questions and let the student discover answer.


• Cueing is the practice wherein student make a habit of making connections and when they make a habit of making connections they never forget.


• Cueing is the act of giving support through a reminder, a hint or a gentle nudging the learner in a direction.


• Teachers are trained to never give away answer, they encourage and guide the learner to self discover.


• Cueing is the process which helps of self discovery.



Watch Now: https://youtu.be/HyZFJrCWagA


What is Cuemath?




Key Takeaways


•	Cuemath meaning Cuemath is mathematical training program designed by alumni of IIM, Stanford, Harvard, IIT, Cambridge where children are trained extra mathematical studies through puzzle, tab based exercise, worksheets at the centres near you through a trained and qualified teacher.

•	Cuemath is a beyond school math excellence program. It has been developed with the aim of changing the way math is taught to children across major cities in India. Cuemath builds mathematical thinking in children.

•	At Cuemath, we aim to strengthen a child’s mathematical foundation.

•	Math is not just a subject, it is a life skill.

•	A strong mathematical foundation will help children make smart, logical decisions. It will set them up for lifelong success.

•	At Cuemath, we believe in making children fall in love with math.

•	Our expert team constantly works on updating the curriculum and learning materials.

•	Along with this great curriculum, we have a motivated set of teachers who play a key role in achieving our vision.





Watch Now: https://youtu.be/qu5hUDYPCdM




Key Takeaways :


1. At Cuemath, we aim to strengthen a child’s mathematical foundation.


2. Math is not just a subject; it is a life skill.


3. A strong mathematical foundation will help children make smart, logical decisions. It will set them up for lifelong success.


4. At Cuemath, we believe in making children fall in love with math.


5. Our expert team constantly works on updating the curriculum and learning materials.


6. Along with this great curriculum, we have a motivated set of teachers who play a key role in achieving our vision.


2.3 Introduction to Cuemath method









Overview of the CLS


In this video, you will learn what the components of the Cuemath Learning System are and how to use them in the classroom.




Watch Now: https://youtu.be/okUdYeRcA8w


2.4 Cuemath tech introduction (CT, CS, CP, CS+)









Various apps that are used in Cuemath
In this video, we will understand the various apps used in Cuemath and also look at their usage.




Watch Now: https://youtu.be/_hUWfkTIg-M


3.1. Domain 1 - Concepts






Introduction to Concepts domain :

In this video, you will learn about the first of the three domains that constitute the Cuemath Learning System - Concepts domain.

Watch Now: https://youtu.be/S5Dutu4oOWo


Structure and design of Concepts :
In this video, you will learn about the structure and design of the Concepts domain.


Watch Now: https://youtu.be/2D_FGm8-PhA


Ordering Workbooks :
In this video, you will learn about how, when and which is the first workbook to order for your students and then the consecutive ones.


Watch Now: https://youtu.be/JS4wd-Qc7DY


3.2 Domain 2 - Aptitude






Introduction to Aptitude domain :


This video will give you an overview of the second domain, which is the Aptitude domai

Watch Now: https://youtu.be/2we-ThGm9L0

Structure of Aptitude domain
In this video, you will learn about the structure of the Aptitude domain and the way it is designed to be delivered.

Watch Now: https://youtu.be/FYEfeKPzCNY


Delivering Aptitude domain in class
In this video, we will talk about how you, as a Cuemath teacher will deliver Aptitude domain in class.

Watch Now: https://youtu.be/5mbCIfilK3c


3.3 Domain 3 - Reasoning




Introduction to Reasoning domain :

This video will give you an overview of the second domain, which is the Reasoning domain.


Watch Now: https://youtu.be/hpU8RXeDunc

Structure and design of Reasoning domain :

In this video, you will learn the structure and design of the Reasoning domain and the types of puzzle cards.


Watch Now: https://youtu.be/rE3EFNKVQbU


Assigning puzzle cards to students :

In this video, you will learn how the Cuemath system determines which puzzle card is to be assigned to each student and how to prepare yourself with respect to this domain, before the class.

Watch Now: https://youtu.be/Vd0TAjj5SNg


Student progress and outcomes
In this video, you will learn how a student’s progress is tracked across the three domains and the expected outcomes of the Cuemath program.


Watch Now: https://youtu.be/glNb3C4dKos














Cuemath Tech


4.1 Cuestudent and Cuestudent plus





Cuestudent app :

Tab based app used by all Cuemath students during their class at your centre.


Watch Now https://youtu.be/QzDlHvcca0I


Cuestudent plus :

This is a web based application which can help students from 4th to 8th grade to revise their concepts and prepare for exams outside the Cuemath classroom.


Watch Now https://youtu.be/gnRUcxdXuSA


4.2 Cueparent app and Cuestore






Cueparent app :

This app is available for all the parents whose kids are enrolled in any Cuemath centre.


Watch Now https://youtu.be/4P4COLqZCV8


Accessing Cuestore :

This section will help you understand how to buy items from the Cuestore



Watch Now https://youtu.be/QN7VR2TdgL4


4.3 Using Cueteacher for class






Using Cueteacher for :

Ordering workbook
Marking Workbook received Viewing sheet solution Viewing puzzle solution


Watch Now https://youtu.be/AM0_YqflzUs


Using Cueteacher for :

Marking sheet completion Marking Module completion Recording puzzle cards solution


Watch Now https://youtu.be/_9ddHlLyQsU


How to relaunch module assessments :


Watch Now https://youtu.be/PSMv-GqMneo














Mathbox Manipulative


5.1 Mathbox for CES Grade KG








Mathbox manipulative for grade KG: Colour Counters

The following video will help you understand how to use Colour Counters for introducing numbers to young kids


Watch Now https://youtu.be/1M93q5eA4Ck


Mathbox manipulative for grade KG: Colour Counters

The following video will help you understand how to use Colour Counters for adding and subtracting numbers


Watch Now https://youtu.be/1eIhk0JPP7k


5.2 Mathbox for CES Grade 6








Math box manipulative for Grade 6: Fraction strips

The following video will help you understand how to use Fraction strips to compare equal fractions


Watch Now https://youtu.be/P1AeOxbrLDU





US Culture Training








PST

Washington Oregon Nevada
California

PST-Abb

WA OR NV
CA

MST-MST	Abb
Montana        MT Wyoming        WY
Idaho             ID Utah             UT Colorado         CO Arizona           AZ
New
Mexico	NM

CST

North Dakota South Dakota Minnesota Wisconsin Nebraska Illinois

Iowa Indiana Kansas Missouri Tennessee Oklahoma Arkansas Mississippi Alabama Texas
Louisiana

CST-
Abb	EST	EST-Abb

ND	Maine	ME	HI – HAWAI SD         New Hampshire	NH
MN               Vermont                 VT WI               New York                NY NE          Massachusetts           MA IL            Rhode Island             RI

IA             Connecticut              CT IN              New Jersey              NJ KS               Delaware                DE MO              Maryland               MD TN           Pennsylvania             PA OK               Michigan                MI AR                   Ohio                    OH MS               Kentucky                KY AL           West Virginia            WV TX                Virginia                 VA LA          North Carolina           NC
South Carolina           SC Georgia                 GA
Florida	FL

U.S Phonetics
A
Alfa
B
Bravo
C
Charlie
D
Delta
E
Echo
F
Foxtrot
G
Golf
H
Hotel
I
Indigo
J
Juliet
K
Kilo
L
Lima
M
Mike
N
November
O
Oscar
P
Peter
Q
Quebec
R
Robert
S
Sierra
T
Tango
U
Uniform
V
Victor
W
Whiskey
X
X ray
Y
Yankee
Z
Zulu


Training Assessment Criteria




-	You will be assessed based on 3 parameters:
-	Test Scores: Test will be given at the end of day
-	Mock Calls: Mock Calls/Chats will be conducted before certification -	On-Job Training Productivity: Your performance during OJT









Score

Result

>85%

Pass

60% - 85%

Re-train

<60%

Fail

- Candidates who pass the assessment criteria will go live


- Candidates who fail the assessment will not go live


- Candidates with score between 85% and 60% will have to undergo training again




- Candidates who pass this assessment will get Ops Center of Excellence Certificate

- Top performer of the batch will be awarded at the end of training by Mr. Goving Rajan COO, Cuemath

So buckle up!!!!


Belt System



OUT





Fail	Two months of top 40%

Two months of top 20%








Assessment	Pass
Yellow Belt

Green Belt	Black Belt








Guide

One month of bottom 20%
One month of bottom 40%









PIP/ Re-Training


One month of bottom 20%


Black Belt for 4 months

Master Black Belt







Monthly Performance KPIs for Agentss Productivity: 70% Quality: 20%
KM: 20%

Incentive
Certificates and Recognition Promotions for consistent Black Belts















Demo Scheduling


Introduction to Tools and Applications







Leadsquared(LSQ)


Step -1 Login ID & Password will be provided.


Step -2 The LSQ page will open for you with respect to the leads assigned to you.


Step 3 - Choose the Lead Summary. The subfilter needs to be applied. Choose prospect when you start the calls on the initial days. Second filter has to be chosen as Cuemath / Cuemath app / FB India. Third filter as your name in the owner filter.


Step 4 - Click on the small arrow button inside the orange triangle. This will take you to the lead details.


Step 5 - Once the lead is open copy the phone number


Step 6 - Open the Voitekk Page, which is the dialer. Sign in. Click on the call button.


Step 7 - Copy past the phone number. Make sure you have added 91 before the mobile number.


Step 8 - After the call click on the end button.


Step 9 - If the parent picks up the call. Go to the LSQ page. Click on task. Below you will see a small blank square . click on it, it initiate a pop up page. If the parent does not pick up the call the dispose the lead in the Voitekk page itself.


Step 10 - While conversation make sure you collect the Student name/ Grade/ City /Alternative number (If any).


Step 11 - Understand the interest level of the parent. If they are interested then choose the demo scheduled state from call outcome. If not interested or any other state then choose respectively.


Step 12 - Once you choose a demo scheduled. Further details will be asked. Demo date and time/ Timezone/ Teacher IST/Laptop and desktop availability. Fill the demo date and time and teacher IST as same.


Step 13 - Click on the save button.


Step 14 - Click on the same state as the call outcome in LSQ as in Voitekk.


Step 15 - Choose the state and dispose of the lead.



































Step 16 - Restart from point 4 choosing the new Lead.


8.4 Demo Scheduling FAQ's & Rebuttals

Demo Scheduling



Ques 1: What is the curriculum you are following and how will we know if its matching with what our child will be studying in school
Ques 2 : Any physical presence in North America ? Cuemath branches , Main office / head quarters



Ques 3 : What is you teaching methodoly ?

Ques 4 : What is the platform you guys are using ?

Ques 5 : Are teachers from USA or India ?
Ques 6 : Different Packages and deliverables that you people have ?
Ques 7 : The syllabus in India is totally different from US/Canada, How do your teachers manage the same, Also even the syllabus is different in different states in USA
Ques 8 : What will be the timings for the demo or the regular classes



Ques 9 : Eductational qualifications of Cuemath Teachers Ques 10 : Credibilty and by whom is Cuemath backed





How to do ? FAQ’s Ques 1 : How do we login ?

Ques 2 : System requirements for Trial
Ques 3 : Does the child have to be present
We follow the standard US Common Core (USCC) curriculum. The curriculum is in alignment with the curriculum of the child and the flexibility that we offer on the curriculum helps us cater to the difference of curriculum followed in all states and provinces.
No, we don't have any physical presence in North America. Our headquater is located in Bengaluru. The address is available in the contact us section of our website.
We use Cueing techniques to teach our students. Cue-ing is the process of asking questions to guide the student to self discovery. When the student self discovers the answers they understand better and remember for longer. This is very different from the broadcast learning method in which a teacher delivers lectures.
We use our own propreitary platform which is integrated with Audio/video call facility and whiteboard along with it for a complete class experience.
Our teachers are from India trained and certified by CueMath to be able to teach the sudents from various different curriculums.

3months, 6 months and 10 months
We are aware that the syllabus and the methods are different in the North America. To cater the same our teachers undergo a training and certification process which helps us in maintaining the high quality of Class delivery.
Our tutors work according to the US timezone, we schedule the classes as per the availability of the child.
We primarily believe in the training and certification from Cuemath content for the teacher applicant. Teacher applicants are selected with a mathematics background in their post graduation or from a corporate background with good hold of the subject. Most of our tutors have completed their master and additionally they have been teaching with us for over a period of more than 2 years.
Over the last few years, two of the biggest venture capital firms, Capital G and Sequoia Capital, have joined us in our mission to revolutionize math learning across the world by leading different rounds of funding. With the backing of some of the world’s elite companies, we are well on our way to taking our proprietary curriculum and distinct delivery system to countries across the globe and making a positive difference in the lives of students there.


The login credentials are sent to you 24 hours before the demo scheduled time.
We can conduct the sessions with any laptop, chromebook or desktop with a webcam. We don't support I-pad.
Yes the child has to be present as it is a live class with the student.


8.4 Demo Scheduling – Scripts and Call Flow


Cuemath Online Program

Hi, Am I speaking to <LEAD NAME>? This is <Your Name>, calling you from Cuemath. #1 Math Programme in India. I wanted to speak to you regarding the interest that you have shown towards our Cuemath Online Program.
Can I speak with you for the same?

<< If YES, Then go ahead, If Call Back then ask for a comfortable date and time for a follow up call.>>

I wanted to know a few details before we proceed further. May I know as to which grade is your child in and also which curriculum does he/she follow?

<< After the details are taken, ask the name of the child(Use the child’s name while talking to the parent. This creates a rapport with the parent).>>

Try to talk to the parent about the intent,
Get to know how the child performs in math?
If the child is making silly mistakes or if the child has a learning gap.
Make sure you have a conversation with the parent as an academic counsellor and NOT as a SALES CALLER.

<<Now pick up a point from what the parent is saying and link with Cuemath. You link situations like
Child is making silly mistakes - Cuemath makes sure that the child gets ample amount of practice for him/her to be making silly mistakes. Along with personal attention of a certified Math tutor.
Child is not performing well in class - Cuemath’s major focus is on foundation building in mathematics. We can go back to the topic and grade where the child developed a learning gap and make sure the child works on those areas and make sure the foundation is rock solid. Having a strong hold in foundation will greatly improve the performance.

<<Tell them you will be telling them about Cuemath in brief so that they get an idea>>


Demo Scheduling – Scripts and Call Flow






Sir/Ma’am, I would like to explain to you a little about Cuemath so that you get an idea about our program. <<If Yes, then go ahead>>

Cuemath is a Math Expert program where the sole vision is to help students learn math the right way and overcome the difficulties they face due to traditional blackboard learning. Cuemath Online classes are Live Online Class where the students get directly connected to Cuemath Expert who will keep a close check on each and every problem a student is solving. The Cuemath Expert makes sure the child understands the concepts and goes about solving the problems. The class is designed in a way which makes sure the students get a holistic approach to mathematics. The class makes sure the student develops Logical reasoning by finding multiple answers to applying math in everyday thinking and problem solving. The class is really dynamic and is designed in a way which suits each and every child. We have a customized learning environment which makes sure the child gets ample time and attention to improve and ultimately master the concepts.

<<What will be the class frequency and the timings?>>


Demo Scheduling – Scripts and Call Flow





The class will be: 2 days a week
Timings are flexible - You can discuss the timings and days with the Cuemath Expert itself should you wish to enrol.

I would like to tell you that we are offering a Free Demo Session for you on a One to One basis with a Cuemath Expert. She will be explaining to you about the entire program in detail and will also discuss the learning plan for your child. This session will be of 1 hour where you can get all the details and also it will give you a better idea of how a Cuemath Online class happens.

We are having Demo Sessions for Tomorrow and Day after tomorrow between 10am to 8pm. Would you be interested in taking a demo with us?

<<If Yes, then Ask the details like: Date
Time
Make sure you take all the details in the very first call itself. The more you delay the colder a lead will get.>>

<<Once you take the details,>>

You will be receiving an email from Cuemath with a Link to the Demo and the username and password for the same will be provided in the email itself. If you need any more clarification then feel free to reach out to me on the same number.

Thank you so much for your time. Have a great day, Sir/Ma’am.


Demo Scheduling – Scripts and Call Flow



Important Points to Remember
Take Details of the Student - Name, Grade, Curriculum/Board, Gender, city of residence Ask if they are free before starting with the pitch - Each second is costly, use it judiciously.
While explaining about the Cuemath Program, make sure you tell them about the support a child gets if they enrol with Cuemath:
Talk about MathGym/ Daily Math Practice App - Once a child is enrolled with Cuemath he/she gets full access to the the app where child can attempt n number of problems and make sure they don’t lose touch with Math. Summer Camp - If enrolled with Cuemath then the child gets free Summer Camp in which we have also introduced coding for students of Grade 1 to Grade 8.
Exam Prep Pack - Which will help children cover the topic for the entire year. A good companion while exams are around.
IMO Prep Pack - Enrolled students get preparation material for International Math Olympiad - This will help them perform better in IMOs.
Make sure you built a rapport with the parent - Use the child’s name while having a conversation.
Don’t sell the product - Make sure you are building a trust for the parent in the product. Don’t sound like a sales caller. Try not to disclose the fees - This will have a negative impact on the parent - If the parent is pestering then tell them the fees.
What to say if the parent says that the fees are high? Tell the parent about all the support the students get when they enroll with Cuemath.
The Demo Session is FREE of COST.
Take the Demo Booking date and time from the parent. All the data has to be rightly put at their right places.
If the Lead wants a Call Back then take the Follow Up Date and Time and make sure you put the details in the Follow Up section as well as the comment.
Make sure you do a proper Follow Up. Make sure you do NOT miss out on the call back follow ups.
RNRs have to be tried once more in the evening - This will make sure we are catering to the leads properly


Important Inputs





1) The customers in USA are used to having all the information gathered at single place so that they do not have to contact multiple people at multiple times , which they can refer , the website should be able to reflect the same ,short and crisp but the full handbook should be available as well for them to go through with all the above FAQS




2) Please refer the following websites of some of our competitors for your reference :

https://enroll.hellothinkster.co.in/pricing-math-programs

https://in.ixl.com/?partner=google&campaign=248380048&adGroup=13877620888&gclid=EAIaIQobChMInK2ggoTq6 QIVhlVgCh1GcgfbEAAYASAAEgKXt_D_BwE

https://www.russianschool.com/



3) Website should have multiple testimonials from existing parents since that is one thing that gains a lot of trust in USA market


Leadership Connect - Cuemath








Session by

Session

Duration

Manan Kurma, CEO Cue Learn

Vision and Expectation Setting

15 Mins

Govind, COO

Intuition and Conviction of Math

15 Mins

Customer Centricity

Quality and Customer Satisfaction

15 Mins

Leadership Session

What it takes to be a TL at Cuemmath?

15 Mins

Respective Team Heads – Anmol and Akhilesh

Reporting, Dashboarding, and Tools

15 Mins



