Glimpse About Cuemat Cuemat was born wit a vision to elp students learn mat te rigt way and overcome te difficulties tey face due to traditional blackboard learning.OW IS CUEMAT DIFFERENT Teacing mat te rigt way.. We expose cildren to a learning system tat enables and encourages tem to tink te y beind te at of mat concepts.Major Learning points in Cuemat. Scool Mat​- Covers all te topics taugt in scool. Curriculum Covered - CBSE, ICSE, IB, State Differentiation in grade - 1-8t Grade , 9&10t Grade. Certification of teacers is also based on te above differentiation of grade. Delivery - Online webpage wic is a platform for taking classes for te cild Mental Aptitude​- Improves te aptitude level of te cild. Super important in all competitive exams.Grade availability - 1-10t GradeDelivery - Available troug our ​Cuemat - Mental Mat & Number Games​mobile app Practice of 15 Mins every day. Android Link: ttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cuelearn.cuematapp&l=en_IN IOS Link: ttps://apps.apple.com/in/app/cuemat​-learning-games/id1469210554Class Logistics & DetailsScool mat Grade 1st - 8t - 2 classes/week of 1r eac. Grade 9t & 10t - 3 classes/week of 1 r eac. Logistics: Laptop or desktop, Internet wit speed of 8+Mbps.Mental AptitudeGrade 1st - 10t - 15 Minutes - everyday of te week. Logistics: Android or Apple device.Key Takeaways :1. At Cuemat, we do not encourage categorizing students based on teir marks. 2. At Cuemat, we believe tat every cild as te potential to excel at mat, and ence endorse a growt mindset. 3. Growt mindset is believing tat every cild as te potential to be great.Cuemat USPPersonalized Learning. Fully Customisable learning plan based on te ability of te cild. Individual attention. Batc size of 5 students.olistic Learning.Future oriented teacing approac.Certified Mat experts.Cuemat is all  about cueing cildren to mat. Te best way of teacing mat is by guiding te learner to te answer.  Instead of telling answer we guide student to CUE te answer. We ask leading questions and let te student discover answer. Cueing is te practice werein student make a abit of making connections and wen tey make a abit of making connections tey never forget. Cueing is te act of giving support troug a reminder, a int or a gentle nudging te learner in a direction. Teacers are trained to never give away answer, tey encourage and guide te learner to self discover. Cueing is te process wic elps of self discovery.Cuemat is a Mat Expert program were te sole vision is to elp students learn mat te rigt way and overcome te difficulties tey face due to traditional blackboard learning. Cuemat Online classes are Live Online Class were te students get directly connected to Cuemat Expert wo will keep a close ceck on eac and every problem a student is solving. Te Cuemat Expert makes sure te cild understands te concepts and goes about solving te problems. Te class is designed in a way wic makes sure te students get a olistic approac to matematics. Te class makes sure te student develops Logical reasoning by finding multiple answers to applying mat in everyday tinking and problem solving. Te class is really dynamic and is designed in a way wic suits eac and every cild.  We ave a customized learning environment wic makes sure te cild gets ample time and attention to improve and ultimately master te concepts.Teacings Cuemat meaning Cuemat is matematical training program designed by alumni of IIM, Stanford, arvard, IIT, Cambridge were cildren are trained extra matematical studies troug puzzle, tab based exercise, workseets at te centres near you troug a trained and qualified teacer.* Cuemat is a beyond scool mat excellence program. It as been developed wit te aim of canging te way mat is taugt to cildren across major cities in India. Cuemat builds matematical tinking in cildren.* At Cuemat, we aim to strengten a cild’s matematical foundation.* Mat is not just a subject, it is a life skill.* A strong matematical foundation will elp cildren make smart, logical decisions. It will set tem up for lifelong success.* At Cuemat, we believe in making cildren fall in love wit mat.* Our expert team constantly works on updating te curriculum and learning materials.* Along wit tis great curriculum, we ave a motivated set of teacers wo play a key role in acieving our visioWe follow te standard US Common Core (USCC) curriculum. Te curriculum is in alignment wit te curriculum of te cild and te flexibility tat we offer on te curriculum elps us cater to te difference of curriculum followed in all states and provinces. 	No, we don't ave any pysical presence in Nort America. Our eadquater is located in Bengaluru. Te address is available in te contact us section of our website.	We use Cueing tecniques to teac our students. Cue-ing is te process of asking questions to guide te student to self discovery. en te student self discovers te answers tey understand better and remember for longer. Tis is very different from te broadcast learning metod in wic a teacer delivers lectures. 	We use our own propreitary platform wic is integrated wit Audio/video call facility and witeboard along wit it for a complete class experience.	Our teacers are from India trained and certified by CueMat to be able to teac te sudents from various different curriculums.	3monts, 6 monts and 10 monts	We are aware tat te syllabus and te metods are different in te Nort America. To cater te same our teacers undergo a training and certification process wic elps us in maintaining te ig quality of Class delivery.	Our tutors work according to te US timezone, we scedule te classes as per te availability of te cild. 	We primarily believe in te training and certification from Cuemat content for te teacer applicant. Teacer applicants are selected wit a matematics background in teir post graduation or from a corporate background wit good old of te subject. Most of our tutors ave completed teir master and additionally tey ave been teacing wit us for over a period of more tan 2 years. 	Over te last few years, two of te biggest venture capital firms, Capital G and Sequoia Capital, ave joined us in our mission to revolutionize mat learning across te world by leading different rounds of funding. Wit te backing of some of te world’s elite companies, we are well on our way to taking our proprietary curriculum and distinct delivery system to countries across te globe and making a positive difference in te lives of students tere. 		Te login credentials are sent to you 24 ours before te demo sceduled time.	We can conduct te sessions wit any laptop, cromebook or desktop wit a webcam. We don't support I-pad.	Yes te cild as to be present as it is a live class wit te student.	Manan Kurma, CEO Cue LearnVision and Expectation Setting	15 Mins	Govind, COO	Intuition and Conviction of Mat	15 Mins	Customer Centricity	Quality and Customer Satisfaction	15 Mins	Leadersip Session	at it takes to be a TL at Cuemmat?	15 Mins	Respective Team eads – Anmol and Akiles	Reporting, Dasboarding, and Tools	15 Mins
We want your child to be a Problem Solver   - with changing world and AI taking away major jobs, we want your  child to become 5% of decision makers rather than 95% usual followers of the trend. All things we think are computing is actually Math as it is the actual language of problem solving. 

Why Cuemath is different than usual schools and delivers results BECAUSE we teach Math / Coding - like kids learn a language, example English, is best learnt by doing,  that is speaking English. . 70% of our curriculum questions are VISUAL, not text book type. 100% is learning by DOING and when you learn as a language you build ability, not just knowledge.
Our belief is Math is taught as a Language and with an absolute Intuition and Conviction about its benefits child can avail.

We are a global company Present in 17 countries across America Like USA, Europe like UK and France and Asia Like Singapore and Australia. Our goal with math/coding is ambitious. It is to build a generation of problem solvers and decision makers. We are backed by Google and Sequoia the No.1 Tech Company and No 1 Tech Investor globally. 

With this, the single biggest difference that you'll see within 6 months is that your kid will Love Math and will love coming to Math class. And we know Nothing boosts the confidence of a school kid like proficiency in math or a sport. But it will take 3- 6 months, PLEASE BE PATIENT. AND HELP THE TEACHER HELP THE CHILD. 

Offering Frequency There are 2 classes conducted per week Duration : Each class is of 45 minutes  Each class with a teacher Offering Curriculum We follow the standard (depends on the country) being followed in your child’s School, So the curriculum will be in direct alignment with the state/national/common code curriculum, OfferingLimitless Practice : Homework will be regularly uploaded on the portal for (Kid) to complete On top of that the child can practice as much as they want. Whenever they want At their own pace Offering Problem solving practice in every class : At the end of every class, the teacher assigns a problem solving card to your childs which will help develop problem solving skills . Children love these cards and even sometimes solve stuff their parents cannot. These are problems that schools do not cover. And many times there are MULTIPLE correct answers, just like in real life  Offering Same teacher : The teachers who took the demo today will be the “same teacher for you
Feedback: In 14 days (4 sessions) and the tutor will be able to start providing Feedback Offering Teacher will schedule a PTM every month in one of the classes for 20 min: Your teacher may seek your help, give feedback and ask for feedback every month. The teacher will schedule a Monthly debrief with you during one of the classes In addition you will get regular updates on everyday activity on the platform
Offering Our teachers are well qualified: Our teachers are tested and certified on many parameters Apart from Math they are tested on their ability to get the best out of every child and make the class engaging for the child  

Offering Free Math gym App : This is an application which you can download on any smart phone and Kid can practice       on it. We recommend a minimum of 10 minutes daily. Think of it as a quick Math workout for the brain  Children practicing math on the daily basis on this app for 6 months are up to 2 times faster than their peers

Offering Aptitude E books : These books help the children to prepare for competitions like IMO and state level achievement .



Slots Based on the time zone give below slots and ask for the preferred slot 7:30 to 8:20 Pm 6:30 to 7:20 Pm
5:30 to 6:20 Pm
4:30 to 5:20 Pm
8:40 to 9:30 Pm
7:40 to 8:30 Pm
6:40 to 7:30 Pm
5:40 Pm to 6:30 Pm
9:50 to10:40 Pm
8:50 to 9:40 Pm
7:50 to 8:40 Pm
6:50 Pm to 7:40 Pm.




CEO  Manan Kurma, CEO Cue Learn
Vision and Expectation Setting
15 Mins
Govind, COO
Intuition and Conviction of Math
15 Mins
Customer Centricity
Quality and Customer Satisfaction
15 Mins
Leadership Session
What it takes to be a TL at Cuemmath 

15 Mins
Respective Team Heads – Anmol and Akhilesh
Reporting, Dashboarding, and Tools
15 Mins.








Cuemath USP Personalized Learning, Fully Customisable learning plan based on the ability of the child Individual attention, Batch size of 5 students, Holistic Learning, Future oriented teaching approach.Certified Math experts.




Why Cuemath Cuemath is all  about cueing children to math, The best way of teaching math is by guiding the learner to the answer,  Instead of telling answer we guide student to CUE the answer. We ask leading questions and let the student discover answer. Cueing is the practice wherein student make a habit of making connections and when they make a habit of making connections they never forget. Cueing is the act of giving support through a reminder, a hint or a gentle nudging the learner in a direction. Teachers are trained to never give away answer, they encourage and guide the learner to self discover, Cueing is the process which helps of self discovery Cuemath is a Math Expert program where the sole vision is to help students learn math the right way and overcome the difficulties they face due to traditional blackboard learning. Cuemath Online classes are Live Online Class where the students get directly connected to Cuemath Expert who will keep a close check on each and every problem a student is solving. The Cuemath Expert makes sure the child understands the concepts and goes about solving the problems. The class is designed in a way which makes sure the students get a holistic approach to mathematics. The class makes sure the student develops Logical reasoning by finding multiple answers to applying math in everyday thinking and problem solving. The class is really dynamic and is designed in a way which suits each and every child.  We have a customized learning environment which makes sure the child gets ample time and attention to improve and ultimately master the concepts.


Key Takeaways :1 At Cuemath, we do not encourage categorizing students based on their marks, 2 At Cuemath, we believe that every child has the potential to excel at math, and hence endorse a growth mindset, Growth mindset is believing that every child has the potential to be great.


Major Learning points in Cuemath. School Math​- Covers all the topics taught in school, Curriculum Covered - CBSE, ICSE, IB, State Differentiation in grade - 1-8th Grade , 9&10th Grade. Certification of teachers is also based on the above differentiation of grade. Delivery - Online webpage which is a platform for taking classes for the child Mental Aptitude​- Improves the aptitude level of the child, Super important in all competitive exams.
Grade availability - 1-10th Grade
Delivery - Available through our ​Cuemath - Mental Math & Number Games​mobile app Practice of 15 Mins every day.cuemath leap is a special curriculum designed by math experts from iit and cambridge with 15+ years of experience in teaching and expertise in competitive exams. the advanced curriculum entails a customised learning plan for each student supervised by a program manager to track improvement areas for an uninterrupted learning experience. a live interactive session with a teacher helps a student clear doubts instantly. with cuemath advanced curriculum, students stay 2 years ahead of their class. our methodology is aimed at nurturing creative thinkers and problem solvers of tomorrow by helping them develop mathematical thinking.
students who enrolled in the cuemath leap stay ahead of their class by 2 years and perform better than their peers in competitive exams. as per a test conducted by third party education specialist on standardised competitive examination question paper, cuemath 8th graders outperformed other 10th graders in competitive exams.
every session that our math experts take is tailor-made to serve the needs of our students. each student is assigned an academic mentor to keep track of their progress and understand their improvement areas to give them an uninterrupted experience.
our curriculum has been carefully designed by incorporating the main aspects from all education boards  cbse, icse, state board and international boards  through our worksheets. the curriculum is, therefore, very detailed and exhaustive. we have proprietary content designed by alumni from iit and cambridge with a deep insight into how young minds learn mathematics.
cuemath leap is a live, interactive online class conducted in the presence of a math expert from iit and cambridge university with 15+ years of teaching experience. unlike pre-recorded videos, our program ensures two way communication between the students and the math expert. students can instantly clarify their doubts without feeling shy. the math expert continuously monitors the progress of your child and takes corrective action in case your child makes a mistake or is struggling with a concept. the program is truly personalised for your child to ensure they learn math faster and better.CUEMAT TRAINING MODULEDEMO SCEDULINGScedule for te trainingS.No.	Topics	DurationDAY 11Introduction of Team members	10 Mins Introduction to Cuemat                                                                                                  1 r 40 Mins22.1 About Cuemat	30 Mins 2.2 CEO's Vision, About Manan Kurma	15 Mins 2.3 Introduction to Cuemat metod	20 Mins 2.5 Cuemat tec introduction (CT, CS, CP, CS+)	15 Mins2.7 Test	20 MinsBREAK	30 Mins3Cuemat Class	1 r 50 Mins3.1. Domain 1 - Concepts	30 Mins 3.2 Domain 2 - Aptitude	30 Mins 3.3 Domain 3 – Reasoning	30 Mins3.4Test	20 MinsBREAK	30 Mins4Cuemat Tec1 r 404.1 Cuestudent and Cuestudent plus	30 Mins4.2 Cueparent app and Cuestore	30 Mins4.3 Using Cueteacer for class	20 Mins4.4 Test	20 Mins5Matbox manipulative	20 Mins5.1 Matbox for CES Grade KG	10 Mins5.2 Matbox for CES Grade 6	10 MinsS.No.	Topics	DurationDAY 26	Awareness of US Culture7	Cuemat Website & App Tour2 ours2 ours7.1 About Courses	10 Mins 7.2 Cuemat Product offerings - Mat Resources	30 Mins 7.3 Available Apps	20 Mins7.3 Intuitions and Convictions of Mat - Videos and Debabate Activity	60 MinsBREAK	30 Mins8	Demo Sceduling	3 ours8.1 Demo Scedule Process Overview	30 Mins 8.2 Demo Sceduling Call Flow	30 Mins 8.3 Demo Sceduling Scripts	30 Mins 8.4 Demo Sceduling FAQ's & Rebuttals	30 Mins 8.5 Activity : Mock Calls	40 Mins8.6 Test	20 MinsBREAK	30 Mins9Introduction to Tools and Applications	2 rs 30 Mins9.1. Voitekk Dialer training                                                                                        20 Mins 9.2 CRM - Lead Squared training                                                                                         30 Mins 9.3 Disposition in Demo Sceduling                                                                                      15 Mins 9.4 Quality Evaluation form                                                                                       15 Mins 9.5 Activity : Mock Calls                                                                                            40 Mins9.6 Test	30 MinsScedule for te trainingAbout CuematGlimpse About Cuemat Cuemat was born wit a vision to elp students learn mat te rigt way and overcome te difficulties tey face due to traditional blackboard learning.OW IS CUEMAT DIFFERENT? Teacing mat te rigt way.. We expose cildren to a learning system tat enables and encourages tem to tink te y beind te at of mat concepts.Major Learning points in Cuemat. Scool Mat- Covers all te topics taugt in scool. Curriculum Covered - CBSE, ICSE, IB, State Differentiation in grade - 1-8t Grade , 9&10t Grade. Certification of teacers is also based on te above differentiation of grade. Delivery - Online webpage wic is a platform for taking classes for te cild.Mental Aptitude- Improves te aptitude level of te cild. Super important in all competitive exams. Grade availability - 1-10t GradeDelivery - Available troug our Cuemat - Mental Mat & Number Gamesmobile app.Practice of 15 Mins every day.Android Link: ttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cuelearn.cuematapp&l=en_INIOS Link: ttps://apps.apple.com/in/app/cuemat-learning-games/id1469210554About Cuemat Logical Reasoning - Improve te logical tinking capability of te cild. Tis is wat will create problem solvers of te future. Gade availability : 1-8t Grade Delivery - Available troug our Cue parent mobile app. 1 Logical reasoning puzzle card/class.Android app link :ttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cuelea rn.cueparent&l=en_INNCERT app: NCERT Solutions | JEE Mats is a user-friendly learning app wit ig-qualityvideo & text solutions for Class 7-12 prepared by IITians. Gade availability - 7t-10t GradeAndroid App Link: ttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cuelear n.ncert&l=en_INClass Logistics & DetailsScool matGrade 1st - 8t - 2 classes/week of 1r eac. Grade 9t & 10t - 3 classes/week of 1 r eac.Logistics: Laptop or desktop, Internet wit speed of 8+Mbps.Mental AptitudeGrade 1st - 10t - 15 Minutes - everyday of te week. Logistics: Android or Apple device.Logical reasoningGrade 1-8t - 1 card/ class. Logistics: Android or Apple device.NCERT AppGrade 7t-10t - Accessible anytime. Logistics: Android or Apple device.All cildren ave immense potential...In tis video, we will talk about ow Cuemat tries to inculcate a growt mindset amongst cildren from an early age.Watc Video: ttps://youtu.be/XrLpQlRiXNYKey Takeaways : 1. At Cuemat, we do not encourage categorizing students based on teir marks.2. At Cuemat, we believe tat every cild as te potential to excel at mat, and ence endorse a growt mindset.3. Growt mindset is believing tat every cild as te potential to be great.Cuemat USP 	Personalized Learning. 	Fully Customisable learning plan based on te ability of te cild. 	Individual attention 	Batc size of 5 students. 	olistic Learning.	Future oriented teacing approac. 	Certified Mat experts.Videos to watc.Note from our CEO Manan Kurma - ttps://www.youtube.com/watc?v=up2gLVCrUP4y is te name of our company Cuemat - ttps://youtu.be/yZFJrCWagACuemat Pilosopy - ttps://youtu.be/dfjignqQJWoow is Cuemat Different from oter programs? - ttps://youtu.be/-qPa-JIQ0wkow are topics taugt in our online class - ttps://youtu.be/blswzbBSJoow can my cild solve te doubt instantly - ttps://youtu.be/2UXJu1GmysWatc ow te class experience is - ttps://youtu.be/5MnbwPEEI2EListen to our rank olders. - ttps://youtu.be/mgkm_1uN3UIVideos to watc to understand te importance of Mat and wy Cuemat exists.Ken Robinson	: Do scools kill creativity?Jo BoalerDan FinkelJon MigtonJo BoalerRandall Munroe: ow you can be good at mat: Five principles of extraordinary mat teacing: Te mat of learning: Mat Connections: Comics tat ask, 'wat if?‘Presentationttps://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1m61JLxEdQaKNleq9zyBBbvyqNUwvmx8ernYEf3MZK Lc/edit?usp=saringFee DetailsGrade 1st - 8t and 9t & 10t ave separate fee slabs.Cuemat Visionary About us Manan Kurma Founder & CEO, Cuemat Founded In 2013 ead office: Bangalore - 560034 Email us at: info@cuemat.comMission : Our mission is to lead te way in building matematical tinking in cildren to enable tem to become te problem solvers and creative tinkers of te future.Visualizing concepts from different points of view Building teir own mental models and algoritm Developing logical reasoning by finding multiple answers Applying mat in everyday tinking and problem solvingy are we called Cuemat? • Cuemat is all about cueing cildren to mat.• Te best way of teacing mat is by guiding te learner to te answer.• Instead of telling answer we guide student to CUE te answer. We ask leading questions and let te student discover answer.• Cueing is te practice werein student make a abit of making connections and wen tey make a abit of making connections tey never forget.• Cueing is te act of giving support troug a reminder, a int or a gentle nudging te learner in a direction.• Teacers are trained to never give away answer, tey encourage and guide te learner to self discover.• Cueing is te process wic elps of self discovery.Watc Now: ttps://youtu.be/yZFJrCWagAat is Cuemat? Key Takeaways•	Cuemat meaning Cuemat is matematical training program designed by alumni of IIM, Stanford, arvard, IIT, Cambridge were cildren are trained extra matematical studies troug puzzle, tab based exercise, workseets at te centres near you troug a trained and qualified teacer.•	Cuemat is a beyond scool mat excellence program. It as been developed wit te aim of canging te way mat is taugt to cildren across major cities in India. Cuemat builds matematical tinking in cildren.•	At Cuemat, we aim to strengten a cild’s matematical foundation.•	Mat is not just a subject, it is a life skill.•	A strong matematical foundation will elp cildren make smart, logical decisions. It will set tem up for lifelong success.•	At Cuemat, we believe in making cildren fall in love wit mat.•	Our expert team constantly works on updating te curriculum and learning materials. •	Along wit tis great curriculum, we ave a motivated set of teacers wo play a key role in acieving our vision.Watc Now: ttps://youtu.be/qu5UDYPCdMKey Takeaways :1. At Cuemat, we aim to strengten a cild’s matematical foundation.2. Mat is not just a subject; it is a life skill.3. A strong matematical foundation will elp cildren make smart, logical decisions. It will set tem up for lifelong success.4. At Cuemat, we believe in making cildren fall in love wit mat.5. Our expert team constantly works on updating te curriculum and learning materials.6. Along wit tis great curriculum, we ave a motivated set of teacers wo play a key role in acieving our vision.Introduction to Cuemat metodOverview of te CLSIn tis video, you will learn wat te components of te Cuemat Learning System are and ow to use tem in te classroom.Watc Now: ttps://youtu.be/okUdYeRcA8w2.4 Cuemat tec introduction (CT, CS, CP, CS+)Various apps tat are used in CuematIn tis video, we will understand te various apps used in Cuemat and also look at teir usage.Watc Now: ttps://youtu.be/_UWfkTIg-M3.1. Domain 1 - ConceptsIntroduction to Concepts domain :In tis video, you will learn about te first of te tree domains tat constitute te Cuemat Learning System - Concepts domain.Watc Now: ttps://youtu.be/S5Dutu4oOWoStructure and design of Concepts :In tis video, you will learn about te structure and design of te Concepts domain.Watc Now: ttps://youtu.be/2D_FGm8-PAOrdering Workbooks :In tis video, you will learn about ow, wen and wic is te first workbook to order for your students and ten te consecutive ones.Watc Now: ttps://youtu.be/JS4wd-Qc7DY3.2 Domain 2 - AptitudeIntroduction to Aptitude domain :Tis video will give you an overview of te second domain, wic is te Aptitude domaiWatc Now: ttps://youtu.be/2we-TGm9L0Structure of Aptitude domainIn tis video, you will learn about te structure of te Aptitude domain and te way it is designed to be delivered.Watc Now: ttps://youtu.be/FYEfeKPzCNYDelivering Aptitude domain in classIn tis video, we will talk about ow you, as a Cuemat teacer will deliver Aptitude domain in class.Watc Now: ttps://youtu.be/5mbCIfilK3c3.3 Domain 3 - ReasoningIntroduction to Reasoning domain :Tis video will give you an overview of te second domain, wic is te Reasoning domain.Watc Now: ttps://youtu.be/pU8RXeDuncStructure and design of Reasoning domain :In tis video, you will learn te structure and design of te Reasoning domain and te types of puzzle cards.Watc Now: ttps://youtu.be/rE3EFNKVQbUAssigning puzzle cards to students :In tis video, you will learn ow te Cuemat system determines wic puzzle card is to be assigned to eac student and ow to prepare yourself wit respect to tis domain, before te class.Watc Now: ttps://youtu.be/Vd0TAjj5SNgStudent progress and outcomesIn tis video, you will learn ow a student’s progress is tracked across te tree domains and te expected outcomes of te Cuemat program.Watc Now: ttps://youtu.be/glNb3C4dKosCuemat Tec4.1 Cuestudent and Cuestudent plusCuestudent app :Tab based app used by all Cuemat students during teir class at your centre.Watc Now ttps://youtu.be/QzDlvcca0ICuestudent plus :Tis is a web based application wic can elp students from 4t to 8t grade to revise teir concepts and prepare for exams outside te Cuemat classroom.Watc Now ttps://youtu.be/gnRUcxdXuSA4.2 Cueparent app and CuestoreCueparent app :Tis app is available for all te parents wose kids are enrolled in any Cuemat centre.Watc Now ttps://youtu.be/4P4COLqZCV8Accessing Cuestore :Tis section will elp you understand ow to buy items from te CuestoreWatc Now ttps://youtu.be/QN7VR2TdgL44.3 Using Cueteacer for classUsing Cueteacer for :Ordering workbookMarking Workbook received Viewing seet solution Viewing puzzle solutionWatc Now ttps://youtu.be/AM0_YqflzUsUsing Cueteacer for :Marking seet completion Marking Module completion Recording puzzle cards solutionWatc Now ttps://youtu.be/_9ddlLyQsUow to relaunc module assessments :Watc Now ttps://youtu.be/PSMv-GqMneoMatbox Manipulative5.1 Matbox for CES Grade KGMatbox manipulative for grade KG: Colour CountersTe following video will elp you understand ow to use Colour Counters for introducing numbers to young kidsWatc Now ttps://youtu.be/1M93q5eA4CkMatbox manipulative for grade KG: Colour CountersTe following video will elp you understand ow to use Colour Counters for adding and subtracting numbersWatc Now ttps://youtu.be/1eIk0JPP7k5.2 Matbox for CES Grade 6Mat box manipulative for Grade 6: Fraction stripsTe following video will elp you understand ow to use Fraction strips to compare equal fractionsWatc Now ttps://youtu.be/P1AeOxbrLDUUS Culture TrainingPSTWasington Oregon NevadaCaliforniaPST-AbbWA OR NVCAMST-MST	AbbMontana        MT Wyoming        WYIdao             ID Uta             UT Colorado         CO Arizona           AZNewMexico	NMCSTNort Dakota Sout Dakota Minnesota Wisconsin Nebraska IllinoisIowa Indiana Kansas Missouri Tennessee Oklaoma Arkansas Mississippi Alabama TexasLouisianaCST-Abb	EST	EST-AbbND	Maine	ME	I – AWAI SD         New ampsire	NMN               Vermont                 VT WI               New York                NY NE          Massacusetts           MA IL            Rode Island             RIIA             Connecticut              CT IN              New Jersey              NJ KS               Delaware                DE MO              Maryland               MD TN           Pennsylvania             PA OK               Micigan                MI AR                   Oio                    O MS               Kentucky                KY AL           West Virginia            WV TX                Virginia                 VA LA          Nort Carolina           NCSout Carolina           SC Georgia                 GAFlorida	FLU.S PoneticsAAlfaBBravoCCarlieDDeltaEEcoFFoxtrotGGolfotelIIndigoJJulietKKiloLLimaMMikeNNovemberOOscarPPeterQQuebecRRobertSSierraTTangoUUniformVVictorWiskeyXX rayYYankeeZZuluTraining Assessment Criteria-	You will be assessed based on 3 parameters:-	Test Scores: Test will be given at te end of day-	Mock Calls: Mock Calls/Cats will be conducted before certification -	On-Job Training Productivity: Your performance during OJTScoreResult>85%Pass60% - 85%Re-train<60%Fail- Candidates wo pass te assessment criteria will go live- Candidates wo fail te assessment will not go live- Candidates wit score between 85% and 60% will ave to undergo training again- Candidates wo pass tis assessment will get Ops Center of Excellence Certificate- Top performer of te batc will be awarded at te end of training by Mr. Goving Rajan COO, CuematSo buckle up!!!!Belt SystemOUTFail	Two monts of top 40%Two monts of top 20%Assessment	PassYellow BeltGreen Belt	Black BeltGuideOne mont of bottom 20%One mont of bottom 40%PIP/ Re-TrainingOne mont of bottom 20%Black Belt for 4 montsMaster Black BeltMontly Performance KPIs for Agentss Productivity: 70% Quality: 20%KM: 20%IncentiveCertificates and Recognition Promotions for consistent Black BeltsLeadsquared(LSQ) Step -1 Login ID & Password will be provided. Step -2 Te LSQ page will open for you wit respect to te leads assigned to you Step 3 - Coose te Lead Summary. Te subfilter needs to be applied. Coose prospect wen you start te calls on te initial days. Second filter as to be cosen as Cuemat / Cuemat app / FB India. Tird filter as your name in te owner filter.Step 4 - Click on te small arrow button inside te orange triangle. Tis will take you to te lead details.Step 5 - Once te lead is open copy te pone numberStep 6 - Open te Voitekk Page, wic is te dialer. Sign in. Click on te call button.Step 7 - Copy past te pone number. Make sure you ave added 91 before te mobile number.Step 8 - After te call click on te end button.Step 9 - If te parent picks up te call. Go to te LSQ page. Click on task. Below you will see a small blank square . click on it, it initiate a pop up page. If te parent does not pick up te call te dispose te lead in te Voitekk page itself.Step 10 - ile conversation make sure you collect te Student name/ Grade/ City /Alternative number (If any).Step 11 - Understand te interest level of te parent. If tey are interested ten coose te demo sceduled state from call outcome. If not interested or any oter state ten coose respectively.Step 12 - Once you coose a demo sceduled. Furter details will be asked. Demo date and time/ Timezone/ Teacer IST/Laptop and desktop availability. Fill te demo date and time and teacer IST as same.Step 13 - Click on te save button.Step 14 - Click on te same state as te call outcome in LSQ as in Voitekk.Step 15 - Coose te state and dispose of te lead.We follow te standard US Common Core (USCC) curriculum. Te curriculum is in alignment wit te curriculum of te cild and te flexibility tat we offer on te curriculum elps us cater to te difference of curriculum followed in all states and provinces.No, we don't ave any pysical presence in Nort America. Our eadquater is located in Bengaluru. Te address is available in te contact us section of our website.We use Cueing tecniques to teac our students. Cue-ing is te process of asking questions to guide te student to self discovery. en te student self discovers te answers tey understand better and remember for longer. Tis is very different from te broadcast learning metod in wic a teacer delivers lectures.We use our own propreitary platform wic is integrated wit Audio/video call facility and witeboard along wit it for a complete class experience.Our teacers are from India trained and certified by CueMat to be able to teac te sudents from various different curriculums.3monts, 6 monts and 10 montsWe are aware tat te syllabus and te metods are different in te Nort America. To cater te same our teacers undergo a training and certification process wic elps us in maintaining te ig quality of Class delivery.Our tutors work according to te US timezone, we scedule te classes as per te availability of te cild.We primarily believe in te training and certification from Cuemat content for te teacer applicant. Teacer applicants are selected wit a matematics background in teir post graduation or from a corporate background wit good old of te subject. Most of our tutors ave completed teir master and additionally tey ave been teacing wit us for over a period of more tan 2 years.Over te last few years, two of te biggest venture capital firms, Capital G and Sequoia Capital, ave joined us in our mission to revolutionize mat learning across te world by leading different rounds of funding. Wit te backing of some of te world’s elite companies, we are well on our way to taking our proprietary curriculum and distinct delivery system to countries across te globe and making a positive difference in te lives of students tere.Te login credentials are sent to you 24 ours before te demo sceduled time.We can conduct te sessions wit any laptop, cromebook or desktop wit a webcam. We don't support I-pad.Yes te cild as to be present as it is a live class wit te student.8.4 Demo Sceduling – Scripts and Call FlowCuemat Online Programi, Am I speaking to <LEAD NAME>? Tis is <Your Name>, calling you from Cuemat. #1 Mat Programme in India. I wanted to speak to you regarding te interest tat you ave sown towards our Cuemat Online Program.Can I speak wit you for te same?<< If YES, Ten go aead, If Call Back ten ask for a comfortable date and time for a follow up call.>>I wanted to know a few details before we proceed furter. May I know as to wic grade is your cild in and also wic curriculum does e/se follow?<< After te details are taken, ask te name of te cild(Use te cild’s name wile talking to te parent. Tis creates a rapport wit te parent).>>Try to talk to te parent about te intent,Get to know ow te cild performs in mat?If te cild is making silly mistakes or if te cild as a learning gap.Make sure you ave a conversation wit te parent as an academic counsellor and NOT as a SALES CALLER.<<Now pick up a point from wat te parent is saying and link wit Cuemat. You link situations likeCild is making silly mistakes - Cuemat makes sure tat te cild gets ample amount of practice for im/er to be making silly mistakes. Along wit personal attention of a certified Mat tutor.Cild is not performing well in class - Cuemat’s major focus is on foundation building in matematics. We can go back to te topic and grade were te cild developed a learning gap and make sure te cild works on tose areas and make sure te foundation is rock solid. aving a strong old in foundation will greatly improve te performance.<<Tell tem you will be telling tem about Cuemat in brief so tat tey get an idea>>Demo Sceduling – Scripts and Call FlowSir/Ma’am, I would like to explain to you a little about Cuemat so tat you get an idea about our program. <<If Yes, ten go aead>>Cuemat is a Mat Expert program were te sole vision is to elp students learn mat te rigt way and overcome te difficulties tey face due to traditional blackboard learning. Cuemat Online classes are Live Online Class were te students get directly connected to Cuemat Expert wo will keep a close ceck on eac and every problem a student is solving. Te Cuemat Expert makes sure te cild understands te concepts and goes about solving te problems. Te class is designed in a way wic makes sure te students get a olistic approac to matematics. Te class makes sure te student develops Logical reasoning by finding multiple answers to applying mat in everyday tinking and problem solving. Te class is really dynamic and is designed in a way wic suits eac and every cild. We ave a customized learning environment wic makes sure te cild gets ample time and attention to improve and ultimately master te concepts.<<at will be te class frequency and te timings?>>Demo Sceduling – Scripts and Call FlowTe class will be: 2 days a weekTimings are flexible - You can discuss te timings and days wit te Cuemat Expert itself sould you wis to enrol.I would like to tell you tat we are offering a Free Demo Session for you on a One to One basis wit a Cuemat Expert. Se will be explaining to you about te entire program in detail and will also discuss te learning plan for your cild. Tis session will be of 1 our were you can get all te details and also it will give you a better idea of ow a Cuemat Online class appens.We are aving Demo Sessions for Tomorrow and Day after tomorrow between 10am to 8pm. Would you be interested in taking a demo wit us?<<If Yes, ten Ask te details like: DateTimeMake sure you take all te details in te very first call itself. Te more you delay te colder a lead will get.>><<Once you take te details,>>You will be receiving an email from Cuemat wit a Link to te Demo and te username and password for te same will be provided in te email itself. If you need any more clarification ten feel free to reac out to me on te same number.Tank you so muc for your time. ave a great day, Sir/Ma’am.Demo Sceduling – Scripts and Call FlowImportant Points to RememberTake Details of te Student - Name, Grade, Curriculum/Board, Gender, city of residence Ask if tey are free before starting wit te pitc - Eac second is costly, use it judiciously.ile explaining about te Cuemat Program, make sure you tell tem about te support a cild gets if tey enrol wit Cuemat:Talk about MatGym/ Daily Mat Practice App - Once a cild is enrolled wit Cuemat e/se gets full access to te te app were cild can attempt n number of problems and make sure tey don’t lose touc wit Mat. Summer Camp - If enrolled wit Cuemat ten te cild gets free Summer Camp in wic we ave also introduced coding for students of Grade 1 to Grade 8.Exam Prep Pack - ic will elp cildren cover te topic for te entire year. A good companion wile exams are around.IMO Prep Pack - Enrolled students get preparation material for International Mat Olympiad - Tis will elp tem perform better in IMOs.Make sure you built a rapport wit te parent - Use te cild’s name wile aving a conversation.Don’t sell te product - Make sure you are building a trust for te parent in te product. Don’t sound like a sales caller. Try not to disclose te fees - Tis will ave a negative impact on te parent - If te parent is pestering ten tell tem te fees.at to say if te parent says tat te fees are ig? Tell te parent about all te support te students get wen tey enroll wit Cuemat.Te Demo Session is FREE of COST.Take te Demo Booking date and time from te parent. All te data as to be rigtly put at teir rigt places.If te Lead wants a Call Back ten take te Follow Up Date and Time and make sure you put te details in te Follow Up section as well as te comment.Make sure you do a proper Follow Up. Make sure you do NOT miss out on te call back follow ups.RNRs ave to be tried once more in te evening - Tis will make sure we are catering to te leads properlyImportant InputsTe customers in USA are used to aving all te information gatered at single place so tat tey do not ave to contact multiple people at multiple times , wic tey can refer , te website sould be able to reflect te same ,sort and crisp but te full andbook sould be available as well for tem to go troug wit all te above FAQSPlease refer te following websites of some of our competitors for your reference :ttps://enroll.ellotinkster.co.in/pricing-mat-programsttps://in.ixl.com/?partner=google&campaign=248380048&adGroup=13877620888&gclid=EAIaIQobCMInK2ggoTq6 QIVlVgC1GcgfbEAAYASAAEgKXt_D_BwEttps://www.russianscool.com/Website sould ave multiple testimonials from existing parents since tat is one ting tat gains a lot of trust in USA marketLeadersip Connect - CuematSession bySessionDurationManan Kurma, CEO Cue LearnVision and Expectation Setting15 MinsGovind, COOIntuition and Conviction of Mat15 MinsCustomer CentricityQuality and Customer Satisfaction15 MinsLeadersip Sessionat it takes to be a TL at Cuemmat?15 MinsRespective Team eads – Anmol and AkilesReporting, Dasboarding, and Tools15 MinsCUEMAT TRAINING MODULEDEMO SCEDULINGScedule for te trainingS.No.	Topics	DurationDAY 11Introduction of Team members	10 Mins Introduction to Cuemat                                                                                                  1 r 40 Mins22.1 About Cuemat	30 Mins 2.2 CEO's Vision, About Manan Kurma	15 Mins 2.3 Introduction to Cuemat metod	20 Mins 2.5 Cuemat tec introduction (CT, CS, CP, CS+)	15 Mins2.7 Test	20 MinsBREAK	30 Mins3Cuemat Class	1 r 50 Mins3.1. Domain 1 - Concepts	30 Mins 3.2 Domain 2 - Aptitude	30 Mins 3.3 Domain 3 – Reasoning	30 Mins3.4Test	20 MinsBREAK	30 Mins4Cuemat Tec1 r 404.1 Cuestudent and Cuestudent plus	30 Mins4.2 Cueparent app and Cuestore	30 Mins4.3 Using Cueteacer for class	20 Mins4.4 Test	20 Mins5Matbox manipulative	20 Mins5.1 Matbox for CES Grade KG	10 Mins5.2 Matbox for CES Grade 6	10 MinsS.No.	Topics	DurationDAY 26	Awareness of US Culture7	Cuemat Website & App Tour2 ours2 ours7.1 About Courses	10 Mins 7.2 Cuemat Product offerings - Mat Resources	30 Mins 7.3 Available Apps	20 Mins7.3 Intuitions and Convictions of Mat - Videos and Debabate Activity	60 MinsBREAK	30 Mins8	Demo Sceduling	3 ours8.1 Demo Scedule Process Overview	30 Mins 8.2 Demo Sceduling Call Flow	30 Mins 8.3 Demo Sceduling Scripts	30 Mins 8.4 Demo Sceduling FAQ's & Rebuttals	30 Mins 8.5 Activity : Mock Calls	40 Mins8.6 Test	20 MinsBREAK	30 Mins9Introduction to Tools and Applications	2 rs 30 Mins9.1. Voitekk Dialer training                                                                                        20 Mins 9.2 CRM - Lead Squared training                                                                                         30 Mins 9.3 Disposition in Demo Sceduling                                                                                      15 Mins 9.4 Quality Evaluation form                                                                                       15 Mins 9.5 Activity : Mock Calls                                                                                            40 Mins9.6 Test	30 MinsScedule for te trainingAbout CuematGlimpse About CuematCuemat was born wit a vision to elp students learn mat te rigt way and overcome te difficulties tey face due to traditional blackboard learning.OW IS CUEMAT DIFFERENT? Teacing mat te rigt way..We expose cildren to a learning system tat enables and encourages tem to tink te y beind te at of mat concepts.Major Learning points in Cuemat.Scool Mat- Covers all te topics taugt in scool. Curriculum Covered - CBSE, ICSE, IB, StateDifferentiation in grade - 1-8t Grade , 9&10t Grade. Certification of teacers is also based on te above differentiation of grade.Delivery - Online webpage wic is a platform for taking classes for te cild.Mental Aptitude- Improves te aptitude level of te cild. Super important in all competitive exams.Grade availability - 1-10t GradeDelivery - Available troug our Cuemat - Mental Mat & Number Gamesmobile app.Practice of 15 Mins every day.Android Link: ttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cuelearn.cuematapp&l=en_INIOS Link: ttps://apps.apple.com/in/app/cuemat-learning-games/id1469210554About CuematLogical Reasoning - Improve te logical tinking capability of te cild. Tis is wat will create problem solvers of te future.Gade availability : 1-8t GradeDelivery - Available troug our Cue parent mobile app. 1 Logical reasoning puzzle card/class.Android app link :ttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cuelea rn.cueparent&l=en_INNCERT app: NCERT Solutions | JEE Mats is a user-friendly learning app wit ig-qualityvideo & text solutions for Class 7-12 prepared by IITians. Gade availability - 7t-10t GradeAndroid App Link: ttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cuelear n.ncert&l=en_INClass Logistics & DetailsScool matGrade 1st - 8t - 2 classes/week of 1r eac. Grade 9t & 10t - 3 classes/week of 1 r eac.Logistics: Laptop or desktop, Internet wit speed of 8+Mbps.Mental AptitudeGrade 1st - 10t - 15 Minutes - everyday of te week. Logistics: Android or Apple device.Logical reasoningGrade 1-8t - 1 card/ class. Logistics: Android or Apple device.NCERT AppGrade 7t-10t - Accessible anytime. Logistics: Android or Apple device.All cildren ave immense potential...In tis video, we will talk about ow Cuemat tries to inculcate a growt mindset amongst cildren from an early age.Watc Video: ttps://youtu.be/XrLpQlRiXNYKey Takeaways :1. At Cuemat, we do not encourage categorizing students based on teir marks.2. At Cuemat, we believe tat every cild as te potential to excel at mat, and ence endorse a growt mindset.3. Growt mindset is believing tat every cild as te potential to be great.Cuemat USPCuemat USP	Personalized Learning.	Fully Customisable learning plan based on te ability of te cild. 	Individual attention.	Batc size of 5 students. 	olistic Learning.	Future oriented teacing approac. 	Certified Mat experts.Videos to watc.Note from our CEO Manan Kurma - ttps://www.youtube.com/watc?v=up2gLVCrUP4y is te name of our company Cuemat - ttps://youtu.be/yZFJrCWagACuemat Pilosopy - ttps://youtu.be/dfjignqQJWoow is Cuemat Different from oter programs? - ttps://youtu.be/-qPa-JIQ0wkow are topics taugt in our online class - ttps://youtu.be/blswzbBSJoow can my cild solve te doubt instantly - ttps://youtu.be/2UXJu1GmysWatc ow te class experience is - ttps://youtu.be/5MnbwPEEI2EListen to our rank olders. - ttps://youtu.be/mgkm_1uN3UIVideos to watc to understand te importance of Mat and wy Cuemat exists.Ken Robinson	: Do scools kill creativity?Jo BoalerDan FinkelJon MigtonJo BoalerRandall Munroe: ow you can be good at mat: Five principles of extraordinary mat teacing: Te mat of learning: Mat Connections: Comics tat ask, 'wat if?‘Presentationttps://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1m61JLxEdQaKNleq9zyBBbvyqNUwvmx8ernYEf3MZK Lc/edit?usp=saringFee DetailsGrade 1st - 8t and 9t & 10t ave separate fee slabs.Cuemat VisionaryManan KurmaFounder & CEO, CuematFounded In 2013ead office: Bangalore - 560034 Email us at: info@cuemat.comMission : Our mission is to lead te way in building matematical tinking in cildren to enable tem to become te problem solvers and creative tinkers of te future.Visualizing concepts from different points of viewBuilding teir own mental models and algoritmsDeveloping logical reasoning by finding multiple answersApplying mat in everyday tinking and problem solvingy are we called Cuemat?• Cuemat is all about cueing cildren to mat.• Te best way of teacing mat is by guiding te learner to te answer.• Instead of telling answer we guide student to CUE te answer. We ask leading questions and let te student discover answer.• Cueing is te practice werein student make a abit of making connections and wen tey make a abit of making connections tey never forget.• Cueing is te act of giving support troug a reminder, a int or a gentle nudging te learner in a direction.• Teacers are trained to never give away answer, tey encourage and guide te learner to self discover.• Cueing is te process wic elps of self discovery.Watc Now: ttps://youtu.be/yZFJrCWagAat is Cuemat?Key Takeaways•	Cuemat meaning Cuemat is matematical training program designed by alumni of IIM, Stanford, arvard, IIT, Cambridge were cildren are trained extra matematical studies troug puzzle, tab based exercise, workseets at te centres near you troug a trained and qualified teacer.•	Cuemat is a beyond scool mat excellence program. It as been developed wit te aim of canging te way mat is taugt to cildren across major cities in India. Cuemat builds matematical tinking in cildren.•	At Cuemat, we aim to strengten a cild’s matematical foundation.•	Mat is not just a subject, it is a life skill.•	A strong matematical foundation will elp cildren make smart, logical decisions. It will set tem up for lifelong success.•	At Cuemat, we believe in making cildren fall in love wit mat.•	Our expert team constantly works on updating te curriculum and learning materials.•	Along wit tis great curriculum, we ave a motivated set of teacers wo play a key role in acieving our vision.Watc Now: ttps://youtu.be/qu5UDYPCdMKey Takeaways :1. At Cuemat, we aim to strengten a cild’s matematical foundation.2. Mat is not just a subject; it is a life skill.3. A strong matematical foundation will elp cildren make smart, logical decisions. It will set tem up for lifelong success.4. At Cuemat, we believe in making cildren fall in love wit mat.5. Our expert team constantly works on updating te curriculum and learning materials.6. Along wit tis great curriculum, we ave a motivated set of teacers wo play a key role in acieving our vision.2.3 Introduction to Cuemat metodOverview of te CLSIn tis video, you will learn wat te components of te Cuemat Learning System are and ow to use tem in te classroom.Watc Now: ttps://youtu.be/okUdYeRcA8w2.4 Cuemat tec introduction (CT, CS, CP, CS+)Various apps tat are used in CuematIn tis video, we will understand te various apps used in Cuemat and also look at teir usage.Watc Now: ttps://youtu.be/_UWfkTIg-M3.1. Domain 1 - ConceptsIntroduction to Concepts domain :In tis video, you will learn about te first of te tree domains tat constitute te Cuemat Learning System - Concepts domain.Watc Now: ttps://youtu.be/S5Dutu4oOWoStructure and design of Concepts :In tis video, you will learn about te structure and design of te Concepts domain.Watc Now: ttps://youtu.be/2D_FGm8-PAOrdering Workbooks :In tis video, you will learn about ow, wen and wic is te first workbook to order for your students and ten te consecutive ones.Watc Now: ttps://youtu.be/JS4wd-Qc7DY3.2 Domain 2 - AptitudeIntroduction to Aptitude domain :Tis video will give you an overview of te second domain, wic is te Aptitude domaiWatc Now: ttps://youtu.be/2we-TGm9L0Structure of Aptitude domainIn tis video, you will learn about te structure of te Aptitude domain and te way it is designed to be delivered.Watc Now: ttps://youtu.be/FYEfeKPzCNYDelivering Aptitude domain in classIn tis video, we will talk about ow you, as a Cuemat teacer will deliver Aptitude domain in class.Watc Now: ttps://youtu.be/5mbCIfilK3c3.3 Domain 3 - ReasoningIntroduction to Reasoning domain :Tis video will give you an overview of te second domain, wic is te Reasoning domain.Watc Now: ttps://youtu.be/pU8RXeDuncStructure and design of Reasoning domain :In tis video, you will learn te structure and design of te Reasoning domain and te types of puzzle cards.Watc Now: ttps://youtu.be/rE3EFNKVQbUAssigning puzzle cards to students :In tis video, you will learn ow te Cuemat system determines wic puzzle card is to be assigned to eac student and ow to prepare yourself wit respect to tis domain, before te class.Watc Now: ttps://youtu.be/Vd0TAjj5SNgStudent progress and outcomesIn tis video, you will learn ow a student’s progress is tracked across te tree domains and te expected outcomes of te Cuemat program.Watc Now: ttps://youtu.be/glNb3C4dKosCuemat Tec4.1 Cuestudent and Cuestudent plusCuestudent app :Tab based app used by all Cuemat students during teir class at your centre.Watc Now ttps://youtu.be/QzDlvcca0ICuestudent plus :Tis is a web based application wic can elp students from 4t to 8t grade to revise teir concepts and prepare for exams outside te Cuemat classroom.Watc Now ttps://youtu.be/gnRUcxdXuSA4.2 Cueparent app and CuestoreCueparent app :Tis app is available for all te parents wose kids are enrolled in any Cuemat centre.Watc Now ttps://youtu.be/4P4COLqZCV8Accessing Cuestore :Tis section will elp you understand ow to buy items from te CuestoreWatc Now ttps://youtu.be/QN7VR2TdgL44.3 Using Cueteacer for classUsing Cueteacer for :Ordering workbookMarking Workbook received Viewing seet solution Viewing puzzle solutionWatc Now ttps://youtu.be/AM0_YqflzUsUsing Cueteacer for :Marking seet completion Marking Module completion Recording puzzle cards solutionWatc Now ttps://youtu.be/_9ddlLyQsUow to relaunc module assessments :Watc Now ttps://youtu.be/PSMv-GqMneoMatbox Manipulative5.1 Matbox for CES Grade KGMatbox manipulative for grade KG: Colour CountersTe following video will elp you understand ow to use Colour Counters for introducing numbers to young kidsWatc Now ttps://youtu.be/1M93q5eA4CkMatbox manipulative for grade KG: Colour CountersTe following video will elp you understand ow to use Colour Counters for adding and subtracting numbersWatc Now ttps://youtu.be/1eIk0JPP7k5.2 Matbox for CES Grade 6Mat box manipulative for Grade 6: Fraction stripsTe following video will elp you understand ow to use Fraction strips to compare equal fractionsWatc Now ttps://youtu.be/P1AeOxbrLDUUS Culture TrainingPSTWasington Oregon NevadaCaliforniaPST-AbbWA OR NVCAMST-MST	AbbMontana        MT Wyoming        WYIdao             ID Uta             UT Colorado         CO Arizona           AZNewMexico	NMCSTNort Dakota Sout Dakota Minnesota Wisconsin Nebraska IllinoisIowa Indiana Kansas Missouri Tennessee Oklaoma Arkansas Mississippi Alabama TexasLouisianaCST-Abb	EST	EST-AbbND	Maine	ME	I – AWAI SD         New ampsire	NMN               Vermont                 VT WI               New York                NY NE          Massacusetts           MA IL            Rode Island             RIIA             Connecticut              CT IN              New Jersey              NJ KS               Delaware                DE MO              Maryland               MD TN           Pennsylvania             PA OK               Micigan                MI AR                   Oio                    O MS               Kentucky                KY AL           West Virginia            WV TX                Virginia                 VA LA          Nort Carolina           NCSout Carolina           SC Georgia                 GAFlorida	FLU.S PoneticsAAlfaBBravoCCarlieDDeltaEEcoFFoxtrotGGolfotelIIndigoJJulietKKiloLLimaMMikeNNovemberOOscarPPeterQQuebecRRobertSSierraTTangoUUniformVVictorWiskeyXX rayYYankeeZZuluTraining Assessment Criteria-	You will be assessed based on 3 parameters:-	Test Scores: Test will be given at te end of day-	Mock Calls: Mock Calls/Cats will be conducted before certification -	On-Job Training Productivity: Your performance during OJTScoreResult>85%Pass60% - 85%Re-train<60%Fail- Candidates wo pass te assessment criteria will go live- Candidates wo fail te assessment will not go live- Candidates wit score between 85% and 60% will ave to undergo training again- Candidates wo pass tis assessment will get Ops Center of Excellence Certificate- Top performer of te batc will be awarded at te end of training by Mr. Goving Rajan COO, CuematSo buckle up!!!!Belt SystemOUTFail	Two monts of top 40%Two monts of top 20%Assessment	PassYellow BeltGreen Belt	Black BeltGuideOne mont of bottom 20%One mont of bottom 40%PIP/ Re-TrainingOne mont of bottom 20%Black Belt for 4 montsMaster Black BeltMontly Performance KPIs for Agentss Productivity: 70% Quality: 20%KM: 20%IncentiveCertificates and Recognition Promotions for consistent Black BeltsDemo ScedulingIntroduction to Tools and ApplicationsLeadsquared(LSQ)Step -1 Login ID & Password will be provided.Step -2 Te LSQ page will open for you wit respect to te leads assigned to you.Step 3 - Coose te Lead Summary. Te subfilter needs to be applied. Coose prospect wen you start te calls on te initial days. Second filter as to be cosen as Cuemat / Cuemat app / FB India. Tird filter as your name in te owner filter.Step 4 - Click on te small arrow button inside te orange triangle. Tis will take you to te lead details.Step 5 - Once te lead is open copy te pone numberStep 6 - Open te Voitekk Page, wic is te dialer. Sign in. Click on te call button.Step 7 - Copy past te pone number. Make sure you ave added 91 before te mobile number.Step 8 - After te call click on te end button.Step 9 - If te parent picks up te call. Go to te LSQ page. Click on task. Below you will see a small blank square . click on it, it initiate a pop up page. If te parent does not pick up te call te dispose te lead in te Voitekk page itself.Step 10 - ile conversation make sure you collect te Student name/ Grade/ City /Alternative number (If any).Step 11 - Understand te interest level of te parent. If tey are interested ten coose te demo sceduled state from call outcome. If not interested or any oter state ten coose respectively.Step 12 - Once you coose a demo sceduled. Furter details will be asked. Demo date and time/ Timezone/ Teacer IST/Laptop and desktop availability. Fill te demo date and time and teacer IST as same.Step 13 - Click on te save button.Step 14 - Click on te same state as te call outcome in LSQ as in Voitekk.Step 15 - Coose te state and dispose of te lead.Step 16 - Restart from point 4 coosing te new Lead.8.4 Demo Sceduling FAQ's & RebuttalsDemo ScedulingQues 1: at is te curriculum you are following and ow will we know if its matcing wit wat our cild will be studying in scoolQues 2 : Any pysical presence in Nort America ? Cuemat brances , Main office / ead quartersQues 3 : at is you teacing metodoly ?Ques 4 : at is te platform you guys are using ?Ques 5 : Are teacers from USA or India ?Ques 6 : Different Packages and deliverables tat you people ave ?Ques 7 : Te syllabus in India is totally different from US/Canada, ow do your teacers manage te same, Also even te syllabus is different in different states in USAQues 8 : at will be te timings for te demo or te regular classesQues 9 : Eductational qualifications of Cuemat Teacers Ques 10 : Credibilty and by wom is Cuemat backedow to do ? FAQ’s Ques 1 : ow do we login ?Ques 2 : System requirements for TrialQues 3 : Does te cild ave to be presentWe follow te standard US Common Core (USCC) curriculum. Te curriculum is in alignment wit te curriculum of te cild and te flexibility tat we offer on te curriculum elps us cater to te difference of curriculum followed in all states and provinces.No, we don't ave any pysical presence in Nort America. Our eadquater is located in Bengaluru. Te address is available in te contact us section of our website.We use Cueing tecniques to teac our students. Cue-ing is te process of asking questions to guide te student to self discovery. en te student self discovers te answers tey understand better and remember for longer. Tis is very different from te broadcast learning metod in wic a teacer delivers lectures.We use our own propreitary platform wic is integrated wit Audio/video call facility and witeboard along wit it for a complete class experience.Our teacers are from India trained and certified by CueMat to be able to teac te sudents from various different curriculums.3monts, 6 monts and 10 montsWe are aware tat te syllabus and te metods are different in te Nort America. To cater te same our teacers undergo a training and certification process wic elps us in maintaining te ig quality of Class delivery.Our tutors work according to te US timezone, we scedule te classes as per te availability of te cild.We primarily believe in te training and certification from Cuemat content for te teacer applicant. Teacer applicants are selected wit a matematics background in teir post graduation or from a corporate background wit good old of te subject. Most of our tutors ave completed teir master and additionally tey ave been teacing wit us for over a period of more tan 2 years.Over te last few years, two of te biggest venture capital firms, Capital G and Sequoia Capital, ave joined us in our mission to revolutionize mat learning across te world by leading different rounds of funding. Wit te backing of some of te world’s elite companies, we are well on our way to taking our proprietary curriculum and distinct delivery system to countries across te globe and making a positive difference in te lives of students tere.Te login credentials are sent to you 24 ours before te demo sceduled time.We can conduct te sessions wit any laptop, cromebook or desktop wit a webcam. We don't support I-pad.Yes te cild as to be present as it is a live class wit te student.8.4 Demo Sceduling – Scripts and Call FlowCuemat Online Programi, Am I speaking to <LEAD NAME>? Tis is <Your Name>, calling you from Cuemat. #1 Mat Programme in India. I wanted to speak to you regarding te interest tat you ave sown towards our Cuemat Online Program.Can I speak wit you for te same?<< If YES, Ten go aead, If Call Back ten ask for a comfortable date and time for a follow up call.>>I wanted to know a few details before we proceed furter. May I know as to wic grade is your cild in and also wic curriculum does e/se follow?<< After te details are taken, ask te name of te cild(Use te cild’s name wile talking to te parent. Tis creates a rapport wit te parent).>>Try to talk to te parent about te intent,Get to know ow te cild performs in mat?If te cild is making silly mistakes or if te cild as a learning gap.Make sure you ave a conversation wit te parent as an academic counsellor and NOT as a SALES CALLER.<<Now pick up a point from wat te parent is saying and link wit Cuemat. You link situations likeCild is making silly mistakes - Cuemat makes sure tat te cild gets ample amount of practice for im/er to be making silly mistakes. Along wit personal attention of a certified Mat tutor.Cild is not performing well in class - Cuemat’s major focus is on foundation building in matematics. We can go back to te topic and grade were te cild developed a learning gap and make sure te cild works on tose areas and make sure te foundation is rock solid. aving a strong old in foundation will greatly improve te performance.<<Tell tem you will be telling tem about Cuemat in brief so tat tey get an idea>>Demo Sceduling – Scripts and Call FlowSir/Ma’am, I would like to explain to you a little about Cuemat so tat you get an idea about our program. <<If Yes, ten go aead>>Cuemat is a Mat Expert program were te sole vision is to elp students learn mat te rigt way and overcome te difficulties tey face due to traditional blackboard learning. Cuemat Online classes are Live Online Class were te students get directly connected to Cuemat Expert wo will keep a close ceck on eac and every problem a student is solving. Te Cuemat Expert makes sure te cild understands te concepts and goes about solving te problems. Te class is designed in a way wic makes sure te students get a olistic approac to matematics. Te class makes sure te student develops Logical reasoning by finding multiple answers to applying mat in everyday tinking and problem solving. Te class is really dynamic and is designed in a way wic suits eac and every cild. We ave a customized learning environment wic makes sure te cild gets ample time and attention to improve and ultimately master te concepts.<<at will be te class frequency and te timings?>>Demo Sceduling – Scripts and Call FlowTe class will be: 2 days a weekTimings are flexible - You can discuss te timings and days wit te Cuemat Expert itself sould you wis to enrol.I would like to tell you tat we are offering a Free Demo Session for you on a One to One basis wit a Cuemat Expert. Se will be explaining to you about te entire program in detail and will also discuss te learning plan for your cild. Tis session will be of 1 our were you can get all te details and also it will give you a better idea of ow a Cuemat Online class appens.We are aving Demo Sessions for Tomorrow and Day after tomorrow between 10am to 8pm. Would you be interested in taking a demo wit us?<<If Yes, ten Ask te details like: DateTimeMake sure you take all te details in te very first call itself. Te more you delay te colder a lead will get.>><<Once you take te details,>>You will be receiving an email from Cuemat wit a Link to te Demo and te username and password for te same will be provided in te email itself. If you need any more clarification ten feel free to reac out to me on te same number.Tank you so muc for your time. ave a great day, Sir/Ma’am.Demo Sceduling – Scripts and Call FlowImportant Points to RememberTake Details of te Student - Name, Grade, Curriculum/Board, Gender, city of residence Ask if tey are free before starting wit te pitc - Eac second is costly, use it judiciously.ile explaining about te Cuemat Program, make sure you tell tem about te support a cild gets if tey enrol wit Cuemat:Talk about MatGym/ Daily Mat Practice App - Once a cild is enrolled wit Cuemat e/se gets full access to te te app were cild can attempt n number of problems and make sure tey don’t lose touc wit Mat. Summer Camp - If enrolled wit Cuemat ten te cild gets free Summer Camp in wic we ave also introduced coding for students of Grade 1 to Grade 8.Exam Prep Pack - ic will elp cildren cover te topic for te entire year. A good companion wile exams are around.IMO Prep Pack - Enrolled students get preparation material for International Mat Olympiad - Tis will elp tem perform better in IMOs.Make sure you built a rapport wit te parent - Use te cild’s name wile aving a conversation.Don’t sell te product - Make sure you are building a trust for te parent in te product. Don’t sound like a sales caller. Try not to disclose te fees - Tis will ave a negative impact on te parent - If te parent is pestering ten tell tem te fees.at to say if te parent says tat te fees are ig? Tell te parent about all te support te students get wen tey enroll wit Cuemat.Te Demo Session is FREE of COST.Take te Demo Booking date and time from te parent. All te data as to be rigtly put at teir rigt places.If te Lead wants a Call Back ten take te Follow Up Date and Time and make sure you put te details in te Follow Up section as well as te comment.Make sure you do a proper Follow Up. Make sure you do NOT miss out on te call back follow ups.RNRs ave to be tried once more in te evening - Tis will make sure we are catering to te leads properlyImportant Inputs1) Te customers in USA are used to aving all te information gatered at single place so tat tey do not ave to contact multiple people at multiple times , wic tey can refer , te website sould be able to reflect te same ,sort and crisp but te full andbook sould be available as well for tem to go troug wit all te above FAQS2) Please refer te following websites of some of our competitors for your reference :ttps://enroll.ellotinkster.co.in/pricing-mat-programsttps://in.ixl.com/?partner=google&campaign=248380048&adGroup=13877620888&gclid=EAIaIQobCMInK2ggoTq6 QIVlVgC1GcgfbEAAYASAAEgKXt_D_BwEttps://www.russianscool.com/3) Website sould ave multiple testimonials from existing parents since tat is one ting tat gains a lot of trust in USA marketLeadersip Connect - CuematSession bySessionDurationManan Kurma, CEO Cue LearnVision and Expectation Setting15 MinsGovind, COOIntuition and Conviction of Mat15 MinsCustomer CentricityQuality and Customer Satisfaction15 MinsLeadersip Sessionat it takes to be a TL at Cuemmat?15 MinsRespective Team eads – Anmol and AkilesReporting, Dasboarding, and Tools15 Mins﻿FINAL SALES PITCSUMMARY 1. PROBLEM SOLVING = DECISION MAKER (5%)In te coming AI world Problem solving is te skill set to build. If you are good at problem solving you will be a decision maker (5%), else a follower (95%)2. PROBLEM SOLVING = MAT + CODING All tings we tink are computing is actually mat. Mat is te actual language of problem solving. Coding is te language of telling macines ow to go about solving te problem repeatedly tru instructions    3. LEARN MAT LIKE YOU LEARN A LANGUAGE Do you learn englis only at scool? If your kid learnt englis and spoke englis only for 2 ours a day, using only scool textbooks would tat be good enoug? Will you be appy if your kid starts learning Englis at Grade 104. MAT AS NEVER BEEN MORE IMPORTANTSCOOL METODS AVE NEVER BEEN MORE OUTDATED (TEREFORE RISK?)Even scool textbooks may not ave canged! And yet te world is rapidly cangingIf you tink of te way scool textbooks teac mat, it is almost like if englis textbooks only taugt vocabulary. You will ave a big vocabulary, but not muc use, as tere is not intuitive practice.  5. MAT AS A LANGUAGE = NATURAL PROBLEM SOLVER Do you tink about grammar wen you speak or does it come naturally? Similarly wen you problem solve, can you solve problems wic are not tere in te textbooks? ow to make your kid see te answer immediately rater tan take time to arrive at it. Make your kid as NATURAL at problem solving as e/se is in englis. 6. LEARN MAT EARLY = NATURAL PROBLEM SOLVER =  BUILD A LIFE-LONG ADVANTAGE Learning Mat like a language is building an unbeatable LIFE-LONG advantage in te coming AI world, Like learning englis early as been an advantage in today’s world.  7. PROBLEM SOLVING IN DAILY LIFE - WAT DOES TAT MEAN?Your kid will start asking * WY > WAT : Ask wy not just follow instructions from someone else on wat to do * CREATE > USE : Will want to create on teir own not just use wat someone else as built * DATA > OPINION : Investigate data on teir own  not just follow someone else’s opinion * OPTIMAL > PERFECT DECISION : Make different decisions depending on te circumstances, not just follow someone else’s decision again and again  ________________I ELLO : ERE IS FEEDBACK ON YOUR KID i (Parent's Name), My name is (Tele-caller) calling from Cuemat. Wanted to give you Feedback from te teacer on te kids performance. We will also send a detailed report. Can you confirm te email ID. TEACER LOVED YOUR INTERACTING WIT YOUR KID I want to tell you ow (kid name) as performed.Te (Teacer name) really liked interacting wit (Kid Name). er comments were tat te (Kid Name) is Brigt / ardworking / Interested. Se awarded im 5/5 stars for is effort in te demo2.  Ou data sows Only 14.5% of te kids Manage to accomplis tat...so congratulations! Your kid is actually very brigt.I also wanted to get some feedback from you on te:- Engagement Level of <Kid Name> - Was e/se engrossed in problem solving along wit te teacer? ow did you find (Teacer’s) ability to explain and relate wit (kid) Any oter feedback you ad on te platform? Was it easy to navigate and understand?WAT WAS YOUR GOAL FOR TE DEMO?Before we go forward Can I ask, wat is it tat PROMPTED you to ask for a demo  1. Specific Subject elp - in a subject, Is good get muc better2. Get Aead by building better life skills (in problem solving) I AM NOT SELLING : WANT TO MAKE SURE WE ARE TE RIGT FIT Before I go on to te next steps about te course etc I would like to explain a bit about - SLOW CLEAR EMPATIC VOICE - WAT WE DO AND OW WE DO IT. (Say it twice). at we do and y we do it. And for you to assess if we are a good fit. Ma’am / Sir Can I take a minute or two to explain it?  BEING A “NATURAL PROBLEM SOLVER IS TE MOST IMPORTANT ABILITY YOUR CILD CAN BUILD At Cuemat our goal is to elp kids become NATURAL problem solvers. y ? In tis age of data and AI, your cild will end up eiter as a decision-maker1, or as a follower. Te difference? NATURAL2 Problem-solving ability! PROBLEM SOLVING MINDSET = DECISION MAKER As even igly specialised jobs get automated, te future will be ruled by problem-solvers.Tat's te most important ability your cild could build today! Problem solvers like Bill Gates wo is taking is problem solving mindset to oter problems like eat - Coronavirus3 not just computing, Elon Musk4 wo is more tan a coder, e is mat iz and solves problems in space exploration. Nandan Nilekani - Not just Infosys5 e built te Pioneering Aadaar system in India.  BECOME AS “NATURAL PROBLEM SOLVER AS YOUR KID IS A “NATURAL IN ENGLIS Cuemat is different 6 and delivers results BECAUSE we teac Mat / Coding - like kids learn a language, example englis, is best learnt by doing,  tat is speaking englis. >70% of our curriculum questions are VISUAL, not text book type. 100% is learning by DOING. and wen you learn as a language you build ability, not just knowledge.For example : Grammar you know wat is rigt and wrong witout knowing te rule, and our goal is to build similar confidence wit Problem solving. Being a NATURAL is wen you ave te Confidence do someting witout tinking, it comes automatically. MAT and CODING ARE TE BEST WAY OF BEING NATURAL PROBLEM SOLVERSMat is te language of tinking of problem solving. Coding is te language of instructing macines telling macines ow to solve te problem en you learn Mat and Coding just te way you learn a language you learn not just te words, but also become fluent in te Grammar of Mat and Coding wic makes your kid a natural problem solver. WE ARE GLOBAL : PRESENT IN TE MOST CUTTING EDGE MARKETS We are a global company. Present in 17 countries across America Like USA, Europe like UK and France and Asia Like Singapore and Australia. Our goal wit mat/coding is ambitious. It is to build a generation of problem solvers and decision makers. We are backed by Google and Sequoia te No.1 Tec company and No 1 Tec Investor globally. WY START EARLY : A LANGUAGE GIVES A LIFE LONG ADVANTAGE JUST Like it is important to learn a language early, kids wo learn a language like englis early ave an advantage tat is life long! Problem solving and not englis is te gateway to success in te world.  WAT RESULTS CAN I EXPECT ? 1. BECOME A LIFE LONG DECISION MAKER NOT A FOLLOWER   In 12 monts Bot speed and Logical tinking ability doubles. Doubles! And tis sows up in Mark's as well. But better marks in Mat is just te beginning of a LIFE LONG LIFE LONG cange.  Most importantly you will see a BIG cange in MINDSET. And te way tey approac problems. Instead of just being satisfied wit an answer tey will 1. WY > WAT : Ask wy not just follow instructions from someone else on wat to do 2. BECOME CREATORS : Tey will want to create on teir own not just use wat someone else as built 3. DATA > OPINION : Investigate data on teir own  not just follow someone else’s opinion 4. OPTIMAL > PERFECT DECISION : Make different decisions depending on te circumstances, not just follow someone else’s decision again and again Tere'll be a fundamental psycological sift, as se/e will start tinking tat e or se can solve problems and more importantly WANT TO SOLVE TEM.  Tis is more important tan marks.  Te earlier te sift appens in a kid, te earlier tey will make a massive impact in te world.2. RESULTS : LOVE MAT IN 3-6 MONTSWit tis, te single biggest difference tat you'll see witin 6 monts is tat your kid will Love Mat and will love coming to Mat class. And we know Noting boosts te confidence of a scool kid like proficiency in mat or a sport. But it will take 3- 6 monts, PLEASE BE PATIENT. AND ELP TE TEACER ELP TE CILD. 3. RESULTS : IT WILL TAKE 6-12 MONTS FOR TESE RESULTS TO START SOWING WAT ARE TE COURSE OPTIONS?We offer 2 Major value propositions/ courses Option 1 (Mat) : Frequency : Tere are 2 classes conducted per week. Duration : Eac class is of 45 minutes Eac class wit a teacer Curriculum : We follow te standard (depends on te country) being followed in your cild’s Scool. So te curriculum will be in direct alignment wit te state/national/common code curriculum.Limitless Practice : omework will be regularly uploaded on te portal for (Kid) to complete. On top of tat te cild can practice as muc as tey want. enever tey want. At teir own pace.  Problem solving practice in every class : At te end of every class, te teacer assigns a problem solving card to your cilds wic will elp develop problem solving skills . Cildren love tese cards and even sometimes solve stuff teir parents cannot. Tese are problems tat scools do not cover. And many times tere are MULTIPLE correct answers, just like in real life.  Same teacer : Te teacers wo took te demo today will be te “same teacer for youFeedback: In 14 days (4 sessions) and te tutor will be able to start providing FeedbackTeacer will scedule a PTM every mont in one of te classes for 20 min: Your teacer may seek your elp, give feedback and ask for feedback every mont. Te teacer will scedule a Montly debrief wit you during one of te classes. In addition you will get regular updates on everyday activity on te platform. Our teacers are well qualified: Our teacers are tested and certified on many parameters. Apart from Mat tey are tested on teir ability to get te best out of every cild and make te class engaging for te cild.  Free Mat gym App : Tis is an application wic you can download on any smartpone and Kid can practice on it. We recommend a minimum of 10 mins daily. Tink of it as a quick Mat workout for te brain.  Cildren practicing mat on te daily basis on tis app for 6 monts are upto 2 times faster tan teir peers. Just like a GYM daily practice for te mind too. Aptitude E books : Tese books elp te cildren to prepare for competitions like IMO and state level acievement tests.RESULTS STEP 1 : LOVE MAT IN 3-6 MONTSWit tis, te single biggest difference tat you'll see witin 6 monts is tat your kid will Love Mat and will love coming to Mat class. And we know Noting boosts te confidence of a scool kid like proficiency in mat or a sport. But it will take 3- 6 monts, PLEASE BE PATIENT. AND ELP TE TEACER ELP TE CILD.  STEP 2 : PROBLEM SOLVING MINDSET IN 6-12 MONTS - FUNDAMENTAL SIFT - AND A LIFE LONG ADVANTAGE en tey get better at MAT tey will develop te PROBLEM SOLVING MINDSET QUICKLY. ow can you see tis every day  WY > WAT : Tey will begin to start asking WY? Not just FOLLOW instructions CREATORS : Tey will want to experiment and create DATA > OPINION : Start asking for Data and Evidence, not just follow someone else’s opinion OPTIMAL > PERFECT : You cild will be able to make different decisions depending on te circumstances, not just follow te same pattern again and again Tere'll be a fundamental psycological sift, as se/e will start tinking tat e or se can solve problems and more importantly WANT TO SOLVE TEM.  Tis is more important tan marks.  Te earlier te sift appens in a kid, te earlier tey will make a massive impact in te world.SUB PITC FOR GIRL CILD (Girl Cild) Women and Men are represented 50%-50% in all iger education speres. But inMat and computing sciences, we ave 80% of men and 20% of women and as a result, amongst decision makers it is even more skewed. 90% Men. less tan 10% women. Our society images send te wrong signals to girls tat tey can’t do Analytical tinking, Managing money, Generally at Mat or coding skills. Especially if te moter tinks se is not good at Mat, researc sows tat tere is more tan a 50% cance tat te girl cild tinks se cannot do mat also, wic is wrong. Tat’s wy your girl sould take te course now.SUB PITC FOR IG WAGE ECONOMIES : UBER ENGINEER OR UBER DRIVER Over te years we ave seen tat basic engineering and coding jobs are moving to lower cost but well educated destinations like India. iNFOSYS wic  India is te data analysis and back office of te world. Cina started as te factory of te world and is now getting into ig tec.You need to be good at mat and oter problem solving skills to ave a ig earning job in America. ig paying jobs or very low paying jobs noting in te middle is te future in a tec driven society for an economy like America.________________Proposition 2 (Coding): ere, your kid will learn design tinking. ow to make macines do tings. e'll learn first to code front-end wit UI(User Interface) and UX(User Experience) design.    All programming problems are mat problems not coding problems / ave you compressed a file on laptop or desktop?  Or ave you filed  any online form on any website?– All of it is Mat backed up and ten converted in AI or MLWit AI taking 80 Million jobs in 2020, te need to build problem solving skills is now stronger tan ever in te coming generation. According to Mckinsey, in just 5-10 years, just as your kid is in college/leaving scool only 5% of people will be creating AI based models and giving orders to te macine, 95% will be taking orders from te macine.MAT + CODING and ONLY MAT can enable your kid to be a creator in tis new world.WY START EARLY : DID YOU KNOW CINA AS STARTED AI AND CODING FOR GRADES 1 ONWARDSPACKAGES 	BASIC	EXPERT	INTERMEDIATE  	Price 				Classes 	2 Per week 	2 Per Week	2 Per Week 	Renewal	Prevailing price 	Same price applies	Same price applies	Price / Class	20 (Indicative) 	15 (Indicative) 	15 (Indicative) 	Effective discount 		25% DISCOUNT 	25% DISCOUNT 					Same teacer 	Yes 	Yes 	Yes 	PTM 	Yes - Once  	Yes - every mont 	Yes - Every mont					Mat Diagnostic Test	Yes	Yes	Yes	Mat + Coding Summer Camp	Yes	Yes	Yes	Daily mat App	Yes	Yes	Yes	Masterclass	1	UnLimited 	1  per mont	Pack / Feature 1		Yes	Yes	Pack / Feature 2	No	Yes 	Yes	Pack / Feature 3		Yes		Pack / Feature 4		Yes						% People Buy 	5%	80%	15%	Price / Class 				EMI Option 	No	Yes 	Yes 	Subscription 	No 	Yes 	No			BEST COICE 		URGENCY PITC : BOOK NOW  !One oter ting I wanted to sare is tat since we're a mission driven platform rater tan a money driven platform, we don't want parents to ever ave a dissonance tat teir trial teacer was different from te paid teacer. ence we only map your trial class teacer to be your final teacer. We’d love (Kid) to join us as <e/se> is a 5 star kid. We love aving 5 star kids on te platform since tey become great ambassadors of te program.<IF PARENT SAY CALL ME TOMORROW>  TRIAL TEACER = CLASS TEACER Sure! But try your best to let me know by midnigt today. I can see in my system tat (Teacer) still as 4 trials ONGOING and since 85% of te customers are signing up for a full course, se’ll likely reac er 10 students soon. And as I said, we’re a mission driven rater tan a money driven platform. We only want te trial teacer to be te CLASS teacer.REFUND POLICY ! : NO QUESTIONS ASKED 7 DAY REFUND POLICY You sould also know we ave a:NO-QUESTIONS ASKED, SEVEN DAY, 100% REFUND POLICY. As you can see on our website,We’ve give you an assurance to refund on te Sevent day. If you’re not appy wit te course at any point, we’ll refund 50% of te remaining classes back.So, if you’re not appy after te 1st class, we’ll refund te remaining all classes back. I must tell you toug tis as never appened to us as our renewal rate is 99.3%.So less tan 0.7% of students ave asked for a refund, te lowest in te education Industry. WY BOOK LONGER : SAME TEACERWe align (Teacer's name) for all of (Student's name) for all classes. Kids form a very Strong emotional bond wit te teacer so we’d love to ave tem continue wit te same Teacer for te entire duration. at appens in te Basic Package, once te Classes are completed, you’ll be in te same pool as te rest of te kids and since we’re mostly running over-booked for existing teacers, tat specific teacer won’t be available. We try our best from te back-end to assign te same teacer but are not always able to do so. And we know, te kids will always want to continue since we ave a 99% renewal rate.WY BOOK LONGER : SAME RENEWAL FEE For 6 monts and 10 monts we promise to keep te same fee for te next renewal. Any prices canges will not be applied to you.  REBUTTALS 1) I WILL NEED TO DISCUSS IT WIT MY SPOUSE Yes, Please do tat, owever, our teacers wis for all teir slots to be booked for wic tey do demo classes. So in case you're not going aead, request you to kindly let us know in (2-4 ours from te time of te demo class) as we need to align er for additional demo classes.So I'll call you by ... mention a time, make an entry in your sales log and set a calendar reminder. Reminder wit Call Kid's Moter/Fater (Class - 1st Feb).2) I WILL DO IT LATER / OLIDAYS  * If you wait until olidays, you will lose out on te teacer. * Also te faster you start, faster your kid will build confidence in Mat, and become a campion problem solver. Tis is an investment for te future not just CURRENT GRADE* Te platform as been created to complement academics. * Kids on te platform as sown a massive rise in concentration levels, Doubling of speed wic sows confidence and doubling of logical reasoning. Resulting in improved academic scores. * Infact one of our kids became #1 in te International Matematics Olympiad. * Studies ave sown tat CueMat kids perform better tan Kids 2 Grades aead. 3) I WILL DO IT LATER / ENGAGED IN OTER ACTIVITIES * I understand and really appreciate tat e's utilizing is time so well. * We really suggest tat (student's name) makes time for Mat PROFICIENCY. * Mat we ave seen cannot be learnt later. To be good at Grade 10/12, it’s best to be proficient and like mat by te time you are age 10/12. * Wit every passing year it gets more difficult. It is like postponing learning englis. 4) MAT IS ALREADY BEEN TAUGT IN SCOOL * CANNOT AFFORD TO COMPROMISE ON MAT IN TODAY’S WORLDWORLD AS CANGED, TE WAY SCOOLS TEAC MAT AS NOT Te way Scools mat is no different from te way you learnt Mat. Even textbooks migt not be very different! And in te intervening 25 years wit AI mat as become even more important. You cannot afford to compromise on Anyting but te best in Mat in today’s world.  * START EARLY ON TE JOURNEY OF BECOMING A PROBLEM SOLVER Yes mat is indeed taugt in scools and te same way as it as been for 25 years. Te problem is tat it does not make kids confident about mat. Te key point is not exposure to mat, but an insane amount of confidence on mat. Tat allows a kid to become a genius problem solver and ten become a decision maker.  Tis is an investment for te future not just CURRENT GRADE* EARLY YEARS MATTER MORE OW WILL YOUR KIDS ENGLIS BE WEN YOU START FOCUSING ON GRADE 10 Early years matter most in mat, more tan later years. ow will englis be if you start focusing on it on Grade X?  It is very difficult to build mat skills later. Almost impossible! Our researc sows tat of students doing well in Grade 12 / Getting into IIT / Doing well in SAT, 9/10 were proficient at Mat early in life (by Age 12). ic is wy we focus only on Grades KG to X. ic is wy we focus on KG to 10. ow good you are at Grade X/XII depends essentially on ow good you are at age 10/12. (If required Manan Story see FAQs)* OW WILL YOUR KIDS ENGLIS IF ALL YOUR KID DID WAS SPAK 2 OURS OF ENGLIS IN ENGLIS CLASS IN SCOOL  Need practice to master. And be taugt in an expert way. * RESULTS IN 6 MONTS : Double speed vs Scool en cildren come into Cuemat from “ONLY SCOOL : tey double teir pace in 6-12 monts. Even as your kid as been in scool for 4 years, in 1 year Cuemat will double te speed of mat. Tis as proven year after year. Cuemat Metod compared to older scool teacing makes it twice as faster and better.  * LEARN TO SEE MAT Never Forget : Visual and so engages more of te brain Scool metods are old and tey treat it like anoter subject. We teac mat Visually, in a way tat engages more of te brain. Kids can learn mat in a way tey never forget. Once tey understand mat (wic is faster wen taugt visually) tey love mat. Never Forget because te teacer elps te student self arriveTeacer CUES te student to arrive at te answer. Tat is wy we are called CUEMAT * SCOOL OPTIMISES FOR TE AVERAGE. GET A PERSONALISED COURSE     * A teacer in a scool manages for te average of te class. At Cuemat our AI based curriculum customized for eac kid tat allows tem to increase speed.    * 1: Few : Also in our class te student size 1:1 / 1:3/1:6. Compared to scool you get 10 times te attention creating an open space for im and to not sy away from asking doubts and clarifications.    * Tis is wy our Live Classes are being loved far and wide and also te reason wy names like Google and Sequoia ave backed us.    * A Teacer in scool is over stretced and cannot address all te doubts of te cildren in class. It is tis unaddressed doubt tat comes back and bites in later years. 5) ere are your teacers from?* Well qualified: Top colleges of India wo ave a passion for teacing Mat backed wit an MS, MCA,Well qualified etc. Tey also ave to be certified on te Cuemat Metod. * Empaty Test : Before tey come on to te platform tey ave to pass an empaty evaluation.  Most of tem are moters or parents. Tey understand wit teir own experience ow to get te best out of teir kid. * Teac our own kids : And even more importantly all of tem teac teir own cild at Cuemat, if tey ave a scool going cild. Tis is a must. We don't teac oters wat we don't teac our own kids. 6) WY MAT AND NOT JUST CODING BECAUSE SUNDAR PICAI SAID SO A World Economic Forum Study says – XX Million of today’s jobs will be "LOST" to AI. We can see tis in all sectors from Trading, Tecnology and even Medicine. Te next 10 years te world will become te AI world.   * And AI = Mat * Sundar Picai, Google CEO as said, since AI algoritms are actually mat, to become good at ML/AI it is more important to be good at mat tan coding.  CODING WITOUT MAT IS LIKE A IG SCOOL DIPLOMA / DIPLOMA / NOT A COLLEGE DEGREEAll significant programming problems are mat problems not just coding problems. All ig level computing is Mat. AI = Mat. AI is not Coding.  Coding witout Mat is te difference between a CA and a Clerk. Coding witout Mat like a ig scool diploma witout an engineering degree. LANGUAGES COME AND GO : MAT REMAINS And languages come and go. Yesterday Fortran in te 80s, later C, today R and Pyton and maybe tomorrow someting else. Mat remains and builds over decades.  PROBLEM SOLVING WAS NEVER MORE IMPORTANT Wit AI taking 80 Million jobs in 2020, te need to be a PROBLEM SOLVER is now stronger tan ever. According to Mckinsey, in just 5-10 years, just as your kid is in college/leaving scool only 5% of people will be creating AI based models and giving orders to te macine, 95% will be taking orders from te macine. MAT and ONLY MAT can enable your kid to be A PROBLEM SOLVER - A DECISION MAKER - top 5% in tis new world.EVERYTING YOU TINK IS CODING IS ACTUALLY MAT In Sort tere is mat in everyting we use on a daily basis. Very different from 10 years ago and tis will accelerate as te world becomes an AI world. Coding concept 	Brand Name 	Mat 	Grade 	Joke / Trowaway	Pictures and Videos	GIF JPEG and MP3	Probability ?	?		Searc or Map route 	Google PageRank	Algebra probabilityAlgebra coordinate geometry  			Image processing 	Avatar, or Disney	trigonometry and Calculus			AI	Recommendations on Amazon or Spotify	Statistics and calculus Linear programming algebra 			Encryption 	Netflix 5GPaypal paymentGmail passwords 	It is Factoring, CF, LCM and Prime numbers			7) WAT IMMEDIATE RESULTS CAN I SEE RESULTS STEP 1 : LOVE MAT IN 3-6 MONTSWit tis, te single biggest difference tat you'll see witin 6 monts is tat your kid will Love Mat and will love coming to Mat class. And we know Noting boosts te confidence of a scool kid like proficiency in mat or a sport. But it will take 3- 6 monts.PLEASE BE PATIENT. AND ELP TE TEACER ELP TE CILD.  STEP 2 : LIFE-LONG ADVANTAGE PROBLEM SOLVING MINDSET IN 6-12 MONTS IS A “FUNDAMENTAL SIFT AND A “LIFE-LONG ADVANTAGE TEY WILL BECOME A DECISION MAKER RATER  en tey get better at MAT tey will develop te PROBLEM SOLVING MINDSET QUICKLY. Tere'll be a fundamental psycological sift, as se/e will start tinking tat e or se can solve problems and more importantly WANT TO SOLVE TEM.  Tis is more important tan marks.  Te earlier te sift appens in a kid, te earlier tey will make a massive impact in te world. e or se will become a decision maker  (Te top 5%) ow can you see tis every day?   WY > WAT : Tey will begin to start asking WY? Not just FOLLOW instructions on WAT to do? from “someone elseCREATORS : Tey will want to experiment and create, not just use “someone else’s creationDATA > OPINION : Start asking for Data and Evidence, not just follow “someone else’s opinion OPTIMAL > PERFECT : You cild will be able to make different decisions depending on te circumstances, not just follow te same pattern again and again AND IT AS IMMEDIATE PRACTICAL RESULTS LIKE A BETTER COLLEGE In today's world if class X exams ad 500 Marks, probably mat would account for 250 of tose 500 / Mat is already 50% of SAT. And logical problem solving ability is te oter major part of SAT, wic is eavily dependent on mat. 8) ow can I know tat tis is not a fraud company?* Please Google me now ere is my name. (make sure everyone as a LINKED IN PROFILE) ere is my CEO’s name. * Please Google my CEO now Please ceck on LinkedIn and My CEO on Google as well. you sould look my CEO Mr. Manan wo as personally taugt over 10,000 Kids. We ave tat DNA and passion for teacing.   * BACKED BY TEC NO.1 AND INVESTOR NO.1 Backed By Google And Sequoia as Investors. Biggest names in te world.  * GLOBAL : Students from 17 countries, large countries, wit a total population of 2 Billion, almost ⅓ of umanity. Our largest business market is actually te USA. * NO-QUESTIONS ASKED, 7 DAY REFUND POLICYFirst week you can cancel and get 100% back. Any oter time 50% refund. For some reasons if your timing is canged and te teacer timing is not matcing we will find anoter teacer. owever our windoW for classes is - XXXX TO XXXX, Monday to Saturday. * FREE RESCEDULEYou can decide te date and time of te class. Between Mon - Fri 4 to 9 pm and Saturday - Sunday 9 am to 9 pm, you need to select any 2 classes of your coice. Non consecutive days IS mandatory. As tat increases learning outcomes. 9) OW ARE YOUR CLASSES DIFFERENT FROM SCOOL ?1:1 ATTENTION at is te size of your kid’s class in scool? ere we give 1:1 / 1:3 students in a class. Tis makes a dramatic difference in outcomes. It’s like getting a personal GYM trainer for your kids mind. We know te difference in te Gym just wit a trainer and just watcing a video.   WE TEAC VISUALLY, YOUR KID WILL NEVER FORGETWE TEAC VISUALLY, YOUR KID WILL DEVELOP INTUITION FOR PROBLEM SOLVING.We teac mat like a language by focusing on UNDERSTANDING not KNOWLEDGEUsing te Cue-Mat Metod our goal is for Kids to develop intuition for mat problem solving. UNDERSTAND NATURALLY / INTUITIVELY!Never forget : Visual Metods and Simulations engage more of te brain, ALMOST ALL of te brain.  Tat is wy 70% of our curriculum problems are Visual. Simulations and Visulas engage more tan 4 different areas of te brain leading to better and faster UNDERSTANDING.  en kids understand Mat,  tey start liking and loving mat. ic every concept as on an average 2-3 simulations and all important concepts ave visual solutions/proofs.  WE ELP TE KID “SELF ARRIVE AT TE ANSWER. TAT IS WY WE ARE CALLED “CUE-MAT. CUE NEVER TELL. Just like it’s difficult to learn englis on your own, we ave a teacer to elp learn Mat. By training te teacer to Cue te answer and never tell it. en kids arrive at te solution “temselves tey never forget. And tis builds intuition. As you can see tere is a reason wy we are called Cue Mat, always a teacer to “Cue te solution, never tell. CASE STUDIES : MAT NEEDS TO BE LEARNT DIFFERENTLY FROM SCOOL, IT NEEDS TO BE LEARNT VISUALLY. Example 1 : Sometime a go wit did survey wit some scool students and asked tem wic number is greater – 0.19 or 0.2? most of tem ad 0.19 as tere answer as it ad Number 19 in it.Example 2 : Understand tat multiplication is noting but repeated addition. Don’t need to remember just derive. 19x20 = 20x20 -20, no need to remember it as 380.Example 3 : en we ask Grade 3 kids wat 4 x 19 = 76, at 19 x 4 is, tey say we ave not done 19 tables yet.    Example 4: 1/2+1/4 =2/6 = Mecanistic, no one as explained “fractions are noting but part of a wole  owever, in Cuemat students learn Decimal/Fractions,  in a different way. “Mainly troug Visual Modelling of blocks, tey engage more of te brain,  and ence it becomes easier and faster and tey “Never forget. I ave sent you two links on your registered pone number and sincerely request you to go troug tem to understand ow our teacers teac wit ease. ttps://www.youtube.com/watc?v=-ikLgkYlEttps://www.youtube.com/watc?v=p2DG0weWxs8﻿FINAL SALES PITCPaid Classes Sales Pitci (Parent's Name), My name is (Tele-caller) calling from Cuemat - Te pioneer in re defining Mat learning for kids across globe.Your demo class is successfully completed and we are glad to increase matematical tinking of your cild even furter. I intend to let you know ow (kid name) as performed.(kid name) was found really brigt and Teacer scored 5 out of 5 stars for is/er performance. Only 14.5% of te kids Manage to accomplis tose...so congratulations! Your kid is actually very brigt.I also wanted to get some real-time feedback from you on te:- Engagement Level of <Kid Name> - was in engrossed solving problems along wit teacer? ow did you find (Teacer’s) ability to explain and relate wit (kid) Any oter feedback you ad on te platform? Was it easy to navigate and understand?ABOUT USWe’re te first structured Mat curriculum ever created in te world for kids.As you know, te urgency for kids to learn mats is iger tan ever and scools aveStruggled to create relevant courses because of te sortage of teacers. World economic forum says – All jobs will go away if AI is not learnt in early stages of life Mat is te base and key to learn Artificial Intelligence Mat is te Language of Tinking and we teac tis Language in a way to increase logical ability troug one on one live session, so tat Kid’s Logical reasoning doubles – Speed of solving mat problems go up   Our Objective is to get everybody mat at intuition Case study examples – Sometime a go wit did survey wit some scool students and asked tem wic number is greater – 0.19 or 0.2? most of tem ad 0.19 as tere answer as it ad Number 19 in it. owever, in Cuemat students learn Decimal in a different way troug Visual Modelling of blocks and ence it becomes muc easier for tem to identify rigt answer toug visuals and remember it for a longer duration. I ave sent you two links on your registered pone number and sincerely request you to go troug tem to understand ow our teacers teac wit ease. ttps://www.youtube.com/watc?v=-ikLgkYlEttps://www.youtube.com/watc?v=p2DG0weWxs8   All programming problems are mat problems not coding problems / ave you compressed a file on laptop or desktop?  Or ave you filed  any online form on any website?– All of it is Mat backed up and ten converted in AI or MLCURRICULUM DETAILSOur program as Two Major value PropositionsProposition 1 (Mat) : Tere are 2 classes conducted per week. Eac class is of 55/40 minutes (55 mins if te grade of te regular classes as well. omework will be regularly uploaded on te portal for (Kid) to complete. Te teacers wo took te demo today will be te same teacer allocated to your Kid witin 7 days and te tutor will be able to evaluate and provide te feedback on te same.Apart from te omework, We ave tree additional deliverable wic Kid will be getting:Mat gym App : Tis is an application wic you can download on any smart pone and Kid can practice on it for 10 mins on a daily basis. It as been seen tat te cildren practicing mat on te daily basis on tis app for 6 monts are 3 times faster tan teir peersAptitude E books : Tese books elp te cildren to prepare for competitions like IMO and state level acievement tests.Puzzle cards: At te end of every class, te teacer assigns a puzzle card to your cilds wic will elp develop is logical reasoning skills.Curriculum : We follow te standard USCC/Canadian (depends on te country) being followed in your cild’s Scool. So te curriculum will be in direct alignment wit te scool curriculum.Also, you will ave a luxury of customising te curriculum as per your cild’s requirement.Proposition 2 (Coding): ere, your kid will learn design tinking. e'll learn to code front-end witUI(User Interface) and UX(User Experience) design. Wit tis, te single biggest differencetat you'll see wit tat is tat your kid will become a creator for life. Tere'll be afundamental psycological sift tat occurs in im werein e will start tinking tateveryting in te world is an object created by someone and e can be a creator too.* Teearlier te sift appens in a kid, te earlier tey’ll make a massive impact in te world. Elon Musk, best known for founding Tesla, Space X, and PayPal now, programmed isfirst video game Blastar in 1984, wen e was just 12 years old!You can imagine if your kid could create an app at age 7, e will be very young entrepreneur injust a couple of years. Like Rites Agarwal, wo founded Oyo Rooms at age 21, and is teyoungest billionaire in India, wo started coding at Age 9. Your Kid will learn Free - standing syntax troug Java/Pyton and  will combine bot back-end and front-end concepts in syntax.   All programming problems are mat problems not coding problems / ave you compressed a file on laptop or desktop?  Or ave you filed  any online form on any website?– All of it is Mat backed up and ten converted in AI or MLWit AI taking 80 Million jobs in 2020, te urgency to be a creator is now stronger tanever. According to Mckinsey, in just 7 years, only 5% of people will be creating and givingorders to te macine, 95% will be taking orders from te macine. Your kid sould be acreator in tis new world.Sub- Pitc for Girl Cild(Girl Cild) Women and Men are represented 50%-50% in all iger education speres. But incoding, we ave 87% of men and 13% of women and as a result, entrepreneursip as 93%men and 7% women. Our systems send te wrong signals to women tat tey can’t doAnalytical tinking or code. Tat’s wy your girl sould take te course now.Classes and packagesAs you can see we ave 3 packages: 3 Monts (Basic): 2 classes per week, 8 classes per mont –  benefit Mat Diagnostic Test benefit Mat + Coding Summer Camp benefit Mental Mat App - 1-year access benefit Back to Scool pack excluded benefit Mat Olympiad Prep Pack excluded benefit Exam Prep Pack 1 - alf-yearly excluded benefit Exam Prep Pack 2 - Fina. 10 Monts (Expert pack): 2 classes per week, 8 classes per mont  benefit Mat Diagnostic Test benefit Mat + Coding Summer Camp benefit Mental Mat App - 1-year access benefit Back to Scool pack benefit Mat Olympiad Prep Pack benefit Exam Prep Pack 1 - alf-yearly benefit Exam Prep Pack 2 - Final 6 Monts (Intermediate): 2 classes per week, 8 classes per mont  benefit Mat Diagnostic Test benefit Mat + Coding Summer Camp benefit Mental Mat App - 1-year access benefit Back to Scool pack benefit Mat Olympiad Prep Pack benefit Exam Prep Pack 1 - alf-yearly excluded benefit Exam Prep Pack 2 - FinalURGENCY PITCOne oter ting I wanted to sare is tat since we're a mission driven platform rater tan amoney driven platform, we don't want parents to ever ave a dissonance tat teir trialteacer was different from te paid teacer. ence we only map your trial class teacer tobe your final teacer.. We’d love (Kid) to join us as <e/se> is a 5 star kid. We love aving 5 star kids on teplatform since tey become great ambassadors of te program.<IF PARENT SAY CALL ME TOMORROW>  - Sure! But try your best to let me know by midnigttoday. I can see in my system tat (Teacer) still as 4 trials today and since mostcustomers are signing up for a full course, se’ll likely reac er 10 students soon. And as Isaid, we’re a mission driven rater tan a money driven platform. We only want te trialteacer to be te paid teacer.REFUND POLICYYou sould also know we ave a:NO-QUESTIONS ASKED, SEVEN DAY, 100% REFUND POLICY. As you can see on our website,We’ve taken an indemnity to refund on te Sevent day. If you’re not appy wit te course at any point, we’ll refund te remaining classes back.So, if you’re not appy after te 1st class, we’ll refund te remaining all classes back. I must tell you toug tis as never appened to us as our renewal rate is 99.3%.So less tan 0.7% of students ave asked for a refund, te lowest in te education Industry. FOLLOW-UP URGENCFEE STRUCTURE DETAILS:-We ave 3 subscriptions to coose from:- 3 Monts Basic- (2 classes per week, 8 classes per mont) $330 for 24 classes wic is at $13.75 / class 10 Monts Expert- (2 classes per week, 8 classes per mont)$1000 for 24 classes wic is at $41.60 / class 6 Monts Intermediate- (2 classes per week, 8 classes per mont)$600 for 24 classes wic is at $25 / classWe recommend taking eiter te 6 Monts Intermediate package or 10 Monts Expert packageBecause:1. We align (Teacer's name) for all of (Student's name) for all classes. Kids form a veryStrong emotional bond wit te teacer so we’d love to ave tem continue wit te sameTeacer for te entire classes. at appens in te Basic Package, once teClasses are completed, you’ll be in te same pool as te rest of te kids and since we’realways running over-booked, teir teacer won’t be available. We try our best from teback-end to assign te same teacer but are usually unable to do so since our teacers arealways running fully booked. And we know, te kids will always want to continue since weave a 99.3% renewal rate.2. You get a 20% discount immediately.3. Finally as I said, we ave a NO-QUESTIONS ASKED, SAME-DAY 100% REFUND POLICY. We’ve taken a legal indemnity to refund on te same day. Finally, you sould know about our free sceduling policy.You decide te date and time of te class. Between Mon - Fri 4 to 9 pm and Saturday -Sunday 9 am to 9 pm, you need to select any 2 classes of your coice. (We block an our,owever, te class is typically of 40 mins) Again, after sceduling, in case you need toRescedule, just inform us 24 ours in advance and we'll appily rescedule.We will dedicate Relationsip manager for your assistance and for all possible types of Assistance and requests pertaining to journey – will be te first Point of contact.FAQs:-1) I need to discuss it wit my usband.Ans - Yes, Please do tat, owever, our teacers wis for all teir slots to be booked forwic tey do demo classes. So in case you're not going aead, request you to kindly let usknow in (2-4 ours from te time of te demo class) as we need to align er for additionaldemo classes.So I'll call you by ... mention a time, make an entry in your sales log and set a calendarreminder. Reminder wit Call Kid's Moter/Fater (Class - 1st Feb).2) I will do it in te olidays.Ans - Te platform as been created to compliment academics. Kids on te platform assown a massive rise in concentration levels, logical reasoning, and improved academicscores. Infact one of our kids became #1 in te International Matematics Olympiad. If youwait until olidays, you will lose out on te teacer.3) Involved in too many activities.Ans - I understand and really appreciate tat e's utilizing is time so well. We really suggesttat (student's name) makes time for coding troug our flexible sceduling policy.4) Mat is being taugt in te scool.Ans - Our platform is 1:6  Live class, were focused attention will be given to your cild,creating an open space for im and to not sy away from asking doubts and clarifications.Tis is wy our Live Classes are being loved far and wide and also te reason wy teInvestors ave eavily invested in us as well. A teacer in a scool, can't addresste doubts of 30+ kids and maintain a speed tat is favourable to all kids.5) ere are your teacers from?Top colleges of India wo ave a passion for teacing Mat backed wit an MS, MCA,etc8) ow can I know tat tis is not a fraud company?State your Name and tey could ceck it on LinkedIn and social accounts. More importantly,you sould look my CEO & COO up - Mr. Manan  & Mr. Govind Rajan. You could also visit our office... Also, we ave Top investors on board, and ave eavily invested in us tereby ensuring our team is robust and ready to scale.Most importantly we ave our legacy foundation course supporting Multiple Tier I and II cities of India wit more tan 6000 teacers on board visiting students at teir door step and we ave presence in various cities in India. Please feel free to visit nearest office once Lock down is over.========================================================================================================Objections basis ACPT
Customer don't want to pay the charges. Wants free course
Already endroll with competitor
Customer is not aware about the registration
Child is not available
Customer is not having any laptop or PC
Customer wants the price to be quoted before the demo
Customer does not feel comfortable sharing the screen with a stranger
Customer is happy with he school teachings and do not want extra right nowObjections basis ACPT
Customer don't want to pay the charges. Wants free course
Already endroll with competitor
Customer is not aware about the registration
Child is not available
Customer is not having any laptop or PC
Customer wants the price to be quoted before the demo
Customer does not feel comfortable sharing the screen with a stranger
Customer is happy with he school teachings and do not want extra right nowObjections basis ACPT
Customer don't want to pay the charges. Wants free course
Already endroll with competitor
Customer is not aware about the registration
Child is not available
Customer is not having any laptop or PC
Customer wants the price to be quoted before the demo
Customer does not feel comfortable sharing the screen with a stranger
Customer is happy with he school teachings and do not want extra right now